---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Sep16][September 16]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

Dan: The hardware is being installed and power up.  RAID needed to be redone (BIOS gui was not completely intuitive).  IP and kerberos certificate have been requested.  still need to re-install OS and then start burn-in (expected completion time in a one week (drop dead dateline is october 9).     We are reviewing the way to copying of the database.

Brian: Nebraska smoothly running v1.02

---++OSG/Fermi

Nothing.

---++RSV

Nobody here to Report.

---+ Development.

Brian:  All our changes are back in.

  - DN summarization (John Hover)

Still working on the SQL parsing for the DN formatting.   It looks like it is doable.   I have to learn  about to write and define function.

Philippe: Looks like we will not be able to make the release before October 1st.   

  - BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

Condor was release 2/3 days ago.   The work has now started.

  - Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

VO Discrepancies reports is done.

Now working on adding the Grid test/restriction ; made a bit harder to do because we want it configurable.  I am also working on making the DB configurable.

Brian: About the Transfer report.   I think we should look at the job level daily report with a simple table and do something similar with the columns: Site, Protocol, # of transfers, # of TeraBytes, + delta of the number of those 2 numbers.

  - FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

Nothing.

  - Testing framework (Aaron)

Still waiting for Fermi account.   The collector has been set.
I am still having problem setting up the administration page.

Brian: What does the VDT test when receiving a new release?

Chris: We do not really know.

Brian: We should really have the VDT test the collector.

---+OSG 

---+WLCG 

---+Fermi/CD

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
