+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Gabriele, Chander, Tim T, Scott, Rob Q, Tim C, Kyle, Brian, Rob G., Dave D.


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.



---++ Rob Quick - Operations and Communication

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * SBGrid Research Highlight (http://www.opensciencegrid.org/sbgrid-uses-the-osg-to-accelerate-structural-biology-research/)
   * Research Highlight on LIGO (http://www.opensciencegrid.org/osg-helps-ligo-scientists-confirm-einsteins-last-unproven-theory/)
      * Postponed nearly complete SBGrid Article which should be available shortly. 
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
   * Katherine duty changes
      * Changes to the newsletter
      * From last report - &quot;Some difficulty getting newsletter content from ACs - Myself being one of them.&quot;
      * New format research highlights plus ED update on the project. 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Need more Research Highlight subject matter

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   * Metrics - publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, tweet 5-10 items per week. 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * One communication exception - VOMS issue was not responded to for over the allowed threshold. 
   2. Soichi has mostly completed his transition to his new position
      * Now &lt;50% FTE on OSG mostly concentrating on PerfSONAR service deployment. I expect this to dwindle quickly. 
      * Sarah Schmiechen taking on added responsibilities within the group now doing OIM and ticket updates. 
      * Interviews are ongoing. Hopefully an offer will be made by May 1. 
         * Very good applicant pool this round. 
   3. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]] 
      * We are falling behind here, mostly due to other priorities. 
      * GRAM Support Ending Message went out April 14 - November is the date for support end. 
   4. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are negotiating a contract with Service Now
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL
      * I expect a very slow burn to full implementation
   5. Final move of legacy contents from software.grid.iu.edu
      * Working to be sure all RSV probes are updated and all users have removed dependencies
      * No recent progress
   6. Recommending a Monitoring Blueprint 
      * Scheduled on May 9th proceeding the Staff Retreat at UCSD
      * Operational services offered to admins 
         * Are we monitoring the wrong points? Are we visualizing the wrong things? How do we monitor the workflow from submission points to factory to pilot to output?
         * What should we be offering as services to OSG Resource Admins operationally, service desk, and software releases? 
         * What are the advantages of being a registered member? Security and Monitoring and ???
   7. Rash of drive failures has subsided
      * All drives on internal storage device replaced and rebuilt. 
   8. Gratia sustainable for life of the current grant
      * Frank is calling for more immediate action. Prototype based on !ElasticSearch in September, turn down of Gratia by year end. 
      * UNL is providing the testbed cloud resources. More decisions will be made as the project matures. 
   9. Cancer Computer - Non-profit cluster looking to do cancer research jobs from OSG. 
      * Small test project getting underway (~50 cores)
   10. PerfSONAR and GRACC CHEP submissions
   11. Meeting of International E-Infrastructures and EGI Conference
      * Met with European SKA representatives 
      * They are researching how to analyze data that will be coming from SKA.
         * US is not a member, but there are several researchers in the US that will want to get/analyze SKA data.
      * Tentatively the next meeting September in Denver at International Data Week. 
         * Plans to engage the Human Brain Project.
      * EGI - OSG Operations relationship still very strong. 
      * Setting up meeting to discuss WMS Glide-In technologies. 
   11. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We&#39;ve been moving backwards with new perfSONAR and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
         * Effort will need to be shifted, possibly from Operations Support, to get this done in a proper manner. 
      * Cleaning up expired/out dated documents from the TWiki
         * Have gathered metrics on TWiki usage to determine what are the most visited pages
         * Determine a proper archiving method, we want to remove documents from public but keep a record for revisiting if necessary

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Integrating new staff at beginning of May to alleviate pressures on other staff. 
   2. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   3. BDII Deprecation
      * Activity has leveled off after initial WLCG discussions. 
         * Current plan is to provide WLCG with infomation is JSON format from OIM data (existing with possible minor extensions). 
         * My mail to the WLCG-IS working group chair and OSG and GLUE2.0 - &quot;As I’ve repeated several times over several years, OSG has no plans to implement GLUE 2.0 in general. Outside of these specifically defined uses for WLCG, we will not being putting any effort into providing information in a GLUE2 schema.&quot;
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   1. Many of these are behind due to staffing discussed above.
   2. Goal #5 - &quot;Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort.&quot; - Additional hardware in place for production services providing a home for this work. I don&#39;t see having the effort for this until the next round of funding. 
   3. Goal #6 - &quot;Continue to provide training on new technologies to equip support desk staff to troubleshoot issue as they are reported.&quot; - Working with UCSD !GlideIn Ops to provide access to logs and common problems documentation so Ops support can do more in depth and proactive troubleshooting of !GlideInWMS problems. Kyle and Rob G are talking about offloading user support tasks to the ops support desk. 
   4. Goal #7 - &quot;Develop and share a set of metrics that provide a reasonable measure of responsiveness to stakeholder tickets.&quot; - See draft document at - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
Key Initiatives
   1. Katherine will ramp down from OSG after finishing up the current newsletters. Research highlights will continue and the newsletter will also focus on the highlights.
   2. Transitioning to ServiceNow for ticket handling.
   3. HTCondor-CE migration: lagging behind from original expected due date of Jan 1 to abandon GRAM. Working on training material to support the transition for non-LHC sites.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Seeking more Research Highlights. Some difficulty getting content for newsletter. 
   2. Soichi at 0.50 FTE now. Interviewing 6 applicants for replacement. Expect offer early in May. Observing need for (service) effort growing; sustainable with limitations.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Networking dashboard: addressed single point of failures. Finalized infrastructure configuration (installed SSDs)
   2. Reconfigured OASIS to remove dependency from the shared storage device that had problems.
   3. Continued discussion on BDII deprecation - drop dead date is Mar 2017



-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 12 Apr 2016
