+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Chander, Gabriele, Bo, Tim T., Shawn, Dave D, Rob Q., Tim C. 


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due near the end of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.

---++ Rob Quick - Operations and Communication

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * New Research Highlight on LIGO (http://www.opensciencegrid.org/osg-helps-ligo-scientists-confirm-einsteins-last-unproven-theory/)
      * Postponed nearly complete SBGrid Article which should be available shortly. 
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * Getting better, still not ideal. 
   * FNAL Listserv Cleanup Project
   * Katherine setting up Face-to-Face with Rob G to review opensciencegrid.org
      * This was delayed
   * Wordpress software updates done
   * LIGO and AHM added to picture rotation 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Need more Research Highlight subject matter
   * Some difficulty getting newsletter content from ACs - Myself being one of them. 

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   * Metrics - publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, publish 3-4 newsletter monthly, tweet 5-10 items per week. 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. Soichi has mostly completed his transition to his new position
      * Now &lt;50% FTE on OSG mostly concentrating on PerfSONAR service deployment. I expect this to dwindle quickly. 
      * Sarah Schmiechen taking on added responsibilities within the group now doing OIM and ticket updates. 
      * Rewritten position description is in the hands of IU HR. 
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
      * Offer collection services to PRAGMA - Jen Schopf will discuss this with Phil Popadopoulus and get back to us - This seems to have died. 
      * SSDs installed.
      * Single Point of Failure addressed 
   4. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
      * We need to compose an &#39;introduction to HTCondor&#39; to help ease this into the non-USLHC communities.  
      * We are falling behind here, mostly due to other priorities. 
         * Jan-1 was the projected date of no longer configuring GRAM. 
   5. OASIS delivery of CA/CRLs 
      * Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting in December. 
         * OASIS will continue to provide this in &#39;normal&#39; priority short term. 
         * Long term the job will carry the needed CA information for stage out. 
   6. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are negotiating a contract with Service Now
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL
      * I expect a very slow burn to full implementation
   7. Final move of legacy contents from software.grid.iu.edu
      * Working to be sure all RSV probes are updated and all users have removed dependencies
      * No recent progress
   8. Recommending a Site Support Blueprint 
      * This was postponed by the emergency Accounting Trash/Trash/Blueprint which happened yesterday
      * Operational services offered to admins 
         * Are we monitoring the wrong points? Are we visualizing the wrong things? How do we monitor the workflow from submission points to factory to pilot to output?
         * What should we be offering as services to OSG Resource Admins operationally, service desk, and software releases? 
      * Operations, Technology (Software), Production Support and User Support should be invited
   9. Plagued by hardware issues on a shared storage device. 
      * We need to remove OASIS dependency on the networked storage device. 
   10. Gratia sustainable for life of the current grant
      * Frank is calling for more immediate action. Prototype based on !ElasticSearch in September, turn down of Gratia by year end. 
      * Investigating cloud options for hosting hardware. Purchasing hardware is a backup option. 
   11. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We&#39;ve been moving backwards with new perfSONAR and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
         * Effort will need to be shifted, possibly from Operations Support, to get this done in a proper manner. 
      * Cleaning up expired/out dated documents from the TWiki
         * Have gathered metrics on TWiki usage to determine what are the most visited pages
         * Determine a proper archiving method, we want to remove documents from public but keep a record for revisiting if necessary
         * Sent out announcement today (Feb 24) that TimC’s group will be removing outdated documentation next week.

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Soichi now 50%
      * Interview have gone slowly, there is no estimate for naming a replacement.
         * First round did not turn out a hirable candidate. 
   2. Service Effort Adding Up
      * Currently sustainable but with limitations
      * Additional pressure in this area due to staffing changes
      * OASIS effort has leveled off
   3. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   4. BDII Deprecation
      * Active discussion with technology and WLCG on how to handle information services
         * Current plan is to provide WLCG with infomation is JSON format from OIM data (existing with possible minor extensions). 
         * My mail to the WLCG-IS working group chair and OSG and GLUE2.0 - &quot;As I’ve repeated several times over several years, OSG has no plans to implement GLUE 2.0 in general. Outside of these specifically defined uses for WLCG, we will not being putting any effort into providing information in a GLUE2 schema.&quot;
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   1. Many of these are behind due to staffing discussed above.
   2. Goal #5 - &quot;Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort.&quot; - Additional hardware in place for production services providing a home for this work. 
   3. Goal #6 - &quot;Continue to provide training on new technologies to equip support desk staff to troubleshoot issue as they are reported.&quot; - Working with UCSD !GlideIn Ops to provide access to logs and common problems documentation so Ops support can do more indepth and proactive troubleshooting of !GlideInWMS problems. 
   4. Goal #7 - &quot;Develop and share a set of metrics that provide a reasonable measure of responsiveness to stakeholder tickets.&quot; - See draft document at - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
Key Initiatives
   1. Communications: improving OSG web site with Rob G and twitter activity.
   2. Trash/Trash/Blueprint on Gratia: discussed transition to new system by end of 2016. Recommending a Site Support Trash/Trash/Blueprint around May to discuss operational services offered to admins
   3. HTCondor Transition Plan: developing training material to support non-LHC communities.
   4. OASIS delivery of CA/CRLs: provided to enable job interaction with OSG services, with the plan to send CA/CRL data with the job.
   5. Networking Dashboard: improving operations.


Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Communications: seeking more Research Highlights
   2. Soichi mostly transitioned: now at &lt;50% with an agreed training plan for a future new hire. No good candidates yet. Service effort adding up: sustainable with limitations.
   3. DBII Deprecation: planning to provide information in JSON format from OIM. Drop dead date: Mar 2017.


Key Accomplishments
   1. Communications: research highlight on LIGO. Clean up of OSG mailing lists.


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 09 Feb 2016
