%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Minutes September 06

Attending: Lisa, Doug, Alan, Burt, Rob, Rick, Ann H., Fred

---++Joint OSG-EGEE Operations Workshop

Alan will not go but is interested in remote viewing.&lt;br&gt;
Lisa - willing to chair fabric mgmt.

---++Community Support Centers Group Meeting on Wednesdays

Phone meeting planned tomorrow, Sept. 7, 1:30 CDT (510-665-5437, mtg id 2772).&lt;br&gt;
At the documentation meeting today we thought of asking if the Community Support activity
would be willing/able to write the missing [[Documentation.GridUsersGuide][How-To OSG User Guide]].&lt;br&gt;
Looking at evaluating the Knowledge Base is on the agenda for tomorrow.&lt;br&gt;
OSG-GENERAL starting to get used well.&lt;br&gt;
CSC should think about a representative at the weekly operations meeting.

---++Registration DB Update

Have not got reponse yet on VO registrations from CDF, D0SAR, GADU, ???.&lt;br&gt;
Is D0 using Fermilab Support Center? (Steve Timm looking into it).&lt;br&gt;
STAR needs to register. (Doug O. promised)&lt;br&gt;
Kyle working on making connection from DB to web pages. VOs will maintin their info.

---++Knowledgebase Update

Ann - sent email to list about discussion with IU folks on prototype test. Will make sample topics.  This will be discussed at the CSC meeting tomorrow, and a call for help to populate the KB prototype test.&lt;br&gt;
What about a dual prototype test - in IU KB and in Remedy?&lt;br&gt;
Fred - we should have some testers not from IU involved in the judgement.&lt;br&gt;
Alan - TTU has it&#39;s own system but for grid we have chosen to go open source. It is valuable for the broader community when OSG chooses technology solutions that can be used easily/freely by others.

---++Other Topics



-- Main.RobQ - 06 Sep 2005
