%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeing Minutes August 02

Attendees: Rick, Burt, Jason, RobQ, Murali, Dantong, Anne

---++Registration

   * Registration DB is done and entered
   * How will this be Displayed, Secured? 
   * Fermi has set up cert protection for thier remedy trouble ticket support, can this be moved to other pages, Matt Arena will be asked to attend next weeks meeting to talk about this.

---++Knowledge Base (Shared between official and Community Support)

   * There is some dedicated effort needed to create a community and regular knowledge base
   * Definition of knowledge base (how will this work?)
   * What is the timescale? Is there a short term solution? Until something like the IU Knowledge Base can be put up.
   * How to&#39;s? Problems? What else will be necessary.
   * Dedicated effort, where will this come from?
   * Bugzilla, Remedy, FP used as a Knowledge Base directly?
   * How do we move forward? Flat webpages with a google search? Plone? Twiki? Hypernews archive? 
   * Put together some use cases

---+++Procedures and effort for entering and maintaining information

---++Joint OSG/EEGE Workshop

   * This is coming up the last week of september 27,28,29

---++Other Topics

   * Dicussion or trouble ticket flow

-- Main.RobQ - 02 Aug 2005

