
---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
 Ted Hesselroth, Ruth Pordes, Gene Olyenik, Neha Sharma, Suchandra Thapa, David, Greg Sharp, Xin Zhao, Alex Sim.


---+++ Discussion

Ted Hesselroth announced the new Storage Forum twiki and OSG-STORAGE mailing list. If it can be arranged, next week&#39;s meeting will be a Chat with Developer&#39;s session.

Six tickets handled in the last week were discussed. The ticket flow should be from the GOC to VDT to the person assigned. This is to ensure complete reporting. Increasing the pool of people who can handle tickets was discussed. It was agreed that Neha Sharma would start handling some tickets, and another FNAL employee if the person could be at 0.5 FTE for OSG. Support from other OSG staff, DESY, FNAL SRM-dCache developers, VDT and USATLAS was also suggested.

After the meeting, Alex Sim reported &quot;For monitoring, srm-tester for both v1.1 and v2.2 is almost ready to take SE information for daily monitoring. We&#39;re adding an enhancement for testing gsiftp only sites.&quot;

Neha Sharma will begin to run SRM-dCache validation tests using the fapl cluster at FNAL with the other endpoing being the UCSD tier 2 site. She will work with Abhishek Rana on this. The validation test bed hardware order is working its way through procurement.

Ted Hesselroth reported that he discussed storage glue schema at the ITB meeting. OSG Storage will support the ITB in the deployment of storage services. The flow here will be from development groups to VDT packaging to the Validation Test Bed to the Trash/Trash/Integration Test Bed.

Neha Sharma has been in contact with Owen Synge at DESY regarding the python site-functional test scripts. He has agreed that a new release is needed.

Ted Hesselroth summarized new and future modifications to gPlazma, the dCache authorization cell. Ted Hesselroth stated that may site administrators had complained of difficulties in reading dCache logs and enhancement of logging in dCache was discussed. Subject to the agreement of the dCache collaboration, it was decided that Gregory Sharp would examine logging in dCache, however, he would not be able to get to this before 3-4 months at the earliest. The work of CEDS on logging was mentioned here, as well as SRM Watch.

Ted Hesselroth reported as priorities for future work the adaptation of existing scripts to make administrator tools and the documentation of procedures for Space Reservation.

Gene Oleynik announced that a patch for dcache-server, version 1.7.0-33 was available which handles the problem of potential data loss in gridftpdoor. 

---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
%EDITTABLE{ header=&quot;| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |&quot; format=&quot;| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |&quot; changerows=&quot;on&quot;}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TedHesselroth - 29 Mar 2007
