---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Dec10][December 10]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:
   * Defining that an OSG Job is.
   * Update the monthly report on the version of reporting to list the deprecated version.

---++Release Status

Chris: Fix for the PBS/LSF probe not reporting correcting the number of processor.
In addition there was a problem in the logic dealing with the FQAN (where the old algorithm
was unintentionally used) [This seems be affecting only a subset of the sites (probably
only PBS]; The patch &#39;n&#39; did not fix this.

Ruth: Since it affects the quality of the data, a GOC ticket should be filled.

Chris: I discovered this while running MPI jobs at NESRC and checking the Gratia
and noticed the missing information (both processors and missing FQAN).

Philippe: We are planning to make a patch release mid-January.

Brian: Do you have a PBS sites to test this on?

Chris: Not really, we have been doing this ad-hoc so far.

Ruth: Should not operation provide a PBS on the ITB?

Brian: This is not really the intent of the ITB.

Chris: We have a PBS production system at Fermilab but not a development one.
Adding this PBS development sites is on the FermiGrid to do list.

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi

Dan: Some progress on the physical reorg of the Gratia machines.
Operation has been smooth.

---+++RSV

Ruth has asked RSV for a postmortem of last months downtime.  OSG is hoping that there will not be such a long downtime in the future.

Ruth: We should invite the RSV/GOC representative to ALL meetings at least for the first few minutes.

---++OSG 

Mine: What does it mean that a site is not reporting.

Philippe:  Either the probe is broken or the probe is old and not job is running on the site.

Ruth: Could the the email report be updated to correlate with the reported downtime.

Ruth: We should have a requirement document from Measurement and Metrics.

Ruth: Should we have a Measure and Metrics meeting; for example adding it to the end of this meeting.

Mine: I have the requirements is listed on the Software and Service please check.

Mine: Miron says that the Site centric email report should be high priority.

Philippe: This has lower priory than finishing the RSV probing of Gratia.

Chris: However I am waiting on a PSB test site.

Philippe:  The delivery of the site reports is/will be waiting on OIM to provide the information on which site wants the site reports.

Ruth:  We should send the email to all sites until OIM is ready.

Brian/Chris: Actually the email is not published via the web interface.

Philippe:  The site reports will be ready by the 3rd weeks of January and OIM will then be the bottleneck.

Mine/Brian:  Unknown VOs is yet again a &#39;big&#39; issue.  

Brian: I reported that there was an uptick in Unknown VOs .... but Miron thought that he was reporting the number are part of the report to the Stakeholders so it was not as big an issue as previously thought.

Brian: We should not report the &#39;Other&#39; VO?

Brian: What do we do about new &#39;Unknown&#39;?  What is the policy?

a) Who watch for Unknowns? 
b) Who files the GOC tickets?
Since it is a site issue, it should be Brian
However it is operation, so it should be Chris.

c) What is our policy on how to handle this?
  1- Once the sites is told, we say it&#39;s okay.
  2- Filter out local jobs.
so the answer Site should fiter out local jobs __unless__ they are a Tier1 or Tier2 sites for CMS or ATLAS.

Ruth: We should have a report on the current Unknowns?
What about the Others?

Chris: let&#39;s try to use the VO reports for that.

   * What is an OSG Job?

Discussion is moving forward ....

   * Discussion with Condor-G team to find out what information is available and what development plans there are  - if any...

Chris: I will talk to Condor-G.

   * seek an update on the Gram auditing status - use under fire, number of sites installed et
Gratia is not monitoring the situation (no effort).

---++WLCG 

Rien a signaler.

---++Fermi/CD

Rien a signaler.

---++Development

Working on incorporating the ownership information from OIM.

---++Outsanding ticket:

FP ticket 6138 / Remedy ticket 126300: RSV collector servlet burp. No root-cause, no repeat. Restart fixed.

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
