---++ Significant/Action Items:
   * Next meeting is targeted for Sep 9
   * Arranged for an Atlas specific meeting to discuss existing documentation and where it needs to go
      * Plan to do likewise with CMS.
      * Results to be documented in an OSG Requirements Analysis
   * Atlas will send configuration questions to approx 40 T3 and T3 candidates over the next several weeks
   * OSG documentation needs updated to reflect the &quot;motivation&quot; for sites to setup and Install RSV

---++ Attendees: 
   * Rob S.,Tanya, Marco, Doug, Rik, Dan

---++ Notes:
   * Several new observations came from the Atlas T2/T3 meeting:
      * New Atlas T3&#39;s not expected to share resources
      * T3 funding coming in under expectations at $30-50K
      * Majority of sites planned to be an SE only
         * BeStMan gateway to a central filesystem will be a common pattern
      * Cluster storage should be decoupled from Grid storage
   * Rik &amp; Doug sending out a questionaire to all the Atlas T3 sites
   * Doug noted that many T3 sites are not currently running an OSG stack
   * For those sites that will set up an SE, they need to understand &quot;why&quot; to set up RSV -- not currently in OSG documentation
   * Marco started a cluster configuration guide for T3s
      * We need to understand how best to integrate OSG best practices &amp; docs into Atlas and CMS pages
   * Tanya noted that the installation of the latest version of HDFS had a number of bugs and was taking longer than expected
      * Problems were SL4 and GUMS specific issues
