---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Thursday, Aug 26, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | Noon Central |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. &amp; Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”


---+++ Attendees
Tanya Levshina, Alain Roy, Rob Gardner, Brian Bockelman, Kent Blackburn, Dave Ritchie, Chander Sehgal

---++ Agenda


   * 1.0.1 Software Tools Group – Alain Roy, Mine Altunay

   * 1.1	Software – Alain Roy &amp; Tanya Levshina

   * 1.3 [[IntegrationSitesAug2010][Integration &amp; Sites]] – Rob Gardner

   * 1.4 VOs – Abhishek Rana - no report

---++ 1.0.1 Software Tools Group

We last reported about the Software Tools Group at the [[20100422AgendaMinutes][April 22nd, 2010 Area Coordinators Meeting]]. 

We continue to have meetings on an as-needed basis. Given that a lot of the software that OSG owns is in a steady state right now, that means that we have not had frequent meetings. 

---+++ GUMS
We&#39;ve had worries about GUMS. Since Jay Packard left BNL, progress has been slow. Mine and Alain have been in regular contact with John Hover and Dave Stampf. Dave visited Fermilab in June and worked with Java/OSG/Security experts to get up to speed more quickly on the code.

Alain set up a build of GUMS within the VDT using the build and test facility at UW-Madison. This version has not been released (it&#39;s identical to the already released version of GUMS 1.3.17), but we&#39;ll use this build as a basis for building the next released version of GUMS.

The plan for the next release of GUMS is to finish getting Dave Stampf up to speed and to address outstanding bugs in GUMS. We expect this to be version 1.3.18. We don&#39;t yet have a date for the release. 

---+++ RSV

There is little to report about RSV. Arvind Gopu (the maintainer at the GOC) left at the end of June. Scott Teige has taken his place. We&#39;ve worked with him to help him get up to speed. In addition, Scot Kronenfeld from the VDT is finishing up work on the rsv-control tool (started by Marco Mambelli) which will streamline RSV usage for site administrators. It&#39;s taken longer than expected both because it&#39;s lower priority than other software tasks and because it has required some internal restructuring to work reliably. 

We want improved tests for the internals of RSV. We&#39;ve talked to Scott Teige about it and expect him to work on it in the near future. 

---++ 1.0 Software

We last reported about the Software Group at the [[20100506AgendaMinutes][May 6th, 2010 Area Coordinators Meeting]]


---+++ Regular support
We&#39;ve handled a steady stream of tickets from users (often via the GOC). 

---+++ Software Releases
We&#39;ve released three new versions of the OSG Software Stack ([[/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationOSG1210ReleaseNotice][1.2.10]], [[/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationOSG1211ReleaseNotice][1.2.11]], [[/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationOSG1212ReleaseNotice][1.2.12]]).  Of particular note:

   * New releases of Xrootd and Bestman to support Tier-3s.
   * Major upgrade from Java 5 to Java 6. 
   * Upgrade of GIP to allow an SE-only install to report to the BDII. 

In the near future, we expect updates for:
   * Xrootd (releases are occuring regularly, as needed)
   * Gratia probes
   * RSV (new features to make it easier to use and control)
   * Many smaller software components (glexec, Gratia collector, !MyProxy, and several more)

---+++ Events

*OSG Summer School*

The software group was instrumental in organizing and participating in the OSG Summer School. Tim Cartwright and Alain Roy organized it. Scot Kronenfeld supported it. Tim, Alain, and Tanya all participated extensively in it. 

*OSG Site Admin Workshop*

The software group participated in the OSG site administrator workshop, both with presentations and tutorials. 

*WLCG jabmoree*

Tanya participated in the WLCG data management and storage jamboree . 

*OSG Storage Forum*
We are preparing for the [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3377][OSG Storage Forum]], September 21 &amp; 22, at the University of Chicago. 

---+++ Notes on specific software
Some detailed notes on various pieces of software

*Native Packaging*

We have continued packaging. Our glexec native packages now look like &quot;real&quot; native packages. Lots of underlying infrastructure work has been done to support them. We are preparing a plan for the next 4 months of native packaging work, which we&#39;ll share with the executive team soon. 

*VOMS Upgrade*

!FermiGrid has requested an upgrade to VOMS Admin 2.5. This requires a corresponding upgrade to VOMS 1.9. We&#39;ve done some investigation of the implications of upgrading VOMS, and [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/internal/voms-1.9-upgrade.html][have written an initial report about it]]. 

*GRAM 5 vs. CREAM*

The Executive Team has decided that we should add CREAM to the VDT before we support GRAM 5. We have begun initial investigation of what the implication of adding CREAM are, but we do not yet have anything to report. Adding CREAM to the VDT may require !GridFTP from Globus 5. 

*dCache*

We&#39;ve worked on adding Chimera, Gratia storage/transfer probes, and improved installation scripts, particularly to help with the PNFS to Chimera migration. These are all in production now. The new Gratia probes summarize data sent to the Gratia collector. This has significantly decreased the number of records sent by the two Tier-1s, which will enable us to scale Gratia further.

*Xrootd*

We&#39;ve continued work to support Xrootd for ATLAS Tier-3s. We&#39;ve done a lot of work on configuration, testing various configurations, and Gratia Xrootd storage and transfer probes.

*Bestman and Bestman2*

Scalability tests and configuration tuning. Bestman 2 is new and not yet widely deployed in OSG, but we&#39;re continuing to test it.

*HDFS*

Bug fixes

*Pigeon Tools*

These are tools to help debug storage problems. They will primarily be used by the Storage Team, but can optionally be used by sites. They were initially standalone tools, but are being integrated as RSV probes as well, to leverage our infrastructure there. They have been used for Engage VO with great results (12 sites are now configured properly for use by Engage, only 3 were at the beginning)

We are currently are working with LIGO in order to provide access to public storage on multiple sites. We&#39;ve installed the pigeon tools on a LIGO submission node, and used them to solve several problems with sites.

---+++ Public storage
We have written a [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=978][requirements document]] and are waiting for stakeholder feedback and sign off. We are working on a design document. Initially we are evaluating suitability of BeStMan and iCat (iRODS) for this project. We are also working on adding more features to the discovery tools to facilitate monitoring of public storage availability. 

---++ 1.4 VO Group

(Abhishek on personal time-off from mid August to mid September)

   * Annual updates to stakeholder plans, needs, and requirements were invited from June to August 2010. 
   * Full report edited with colleagues of 20 at-large stakeholders is available at: http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=979


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 03 Aug 2010
