---+ TEG Updates

[[DecFirst][Previous update]].  Mostly a quiet month due to holidays.

Data, Storage, Security, Operations, and Workload Management will be having face-to-face meetings at NIKHEF on the week of January 22nd.  Perhaps the calm before the storm?

Below, the asterisk (*) indicates the person who sent the update.

---++ Databases
(Dave Dykstra*)

There&#39;s really not been any change since the beginning of December.
I think everybody has been thinking it wasn&#39;t urgent enough to do before
the holidays and are waiting to get it done this month.


---++ Data Management
(Brian Bockelman*)

Items of note:
   * Data and Storage continue to have joint meetings; the TEG week activities will also be joint (Indico link: https://indico.cern.ch/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=165687), primarily due to the overlap of people.
   * In January, ATLAS gave their presentation about their experimental needs, use cases, and plans.
   * The other LHC experiments presented in 2011.  We now have a complete picture of the various experiment use cases.
   * I expect to have a strong document about experiment needs at the end of January; more than that will be optimistic.  I believe the middleware providers will have increased input starting at the face-to-face meeting, and maybe not have a formal presentation.
   * Interesting anecdotes:
      * The LFC use cases seem to be getting smaller, in favor of experiment-specific solutions.  LHCb is the only one who heavily uses its features.
      * We&#39;re starting to enumerate the various use cases of SRM, deciding which parts are heavily used, which have replacements, and which are unique to SRM.

---++ Storage Management
(Miron Livny, Brian Bockelman*)

See data management update.

---++ Workload Management
(Igor Sfiligoi*)

The only item was a message from CMS (Igor), where CMS presented their view on whole-node use: want to use it soon.  CMS (Igor) also presented an updated presentation on how glideinWMS and WMAgent work together.

---++ Security
(Von Welch, Igor Sfiligoi*)

   * Face-to-face meeting at CERN Dec 7 &amp; 8.
      * Discussed the Risk document, MUPJ &amp; glexec.  Outcome:
         * Updated risk assessment (forwarded copy to OSG security team)
         * Statement from all WLCG VOs that they desire UID switching on the WNs; but no agreement on glexec.  Alternatives are needed.
         * We need to analyze how much do we need to trust the VO (agreed that more than zero... but can we do less than 100%?)
            * Von says: I think this issue of VO trust is really underlying most of the discussions I&#39;m seeing.

   * Other activity on the list
      * Moving to SHA2 - Main problem seems dCache.
      * Using the RFC proxies - need to verify all SW can use it (we know CMS CRABServer does not)
      * CMS (Igor) provided a statement on glexec.  Summary: they like it and would like it to be deployed everywhere.
      * ATLAS re-posted their statement on glexec.  Summary: they don&#39;t like it.
      * Recommendations about dealing with press in case of incidents
      * ALICE is proposing an alternative security model, based on signing instead of proxies - personally, I think it has very limited value (apart from being a good background read).
      * Discussed the pros &amp; cons on the list.  The only other comment (apart from answers from Alice) was from Von (essentially, claiming he agrees with me). Forwarded to the OSG security team
         * Igor counter-argues that properly limiting the proxies would be better, and points list to the &quot;Task Limited Proxies&quot; by I. Alderman, and Igor&#39;s own draft proposal
         * Von says: I&#39;m concerned it&#39;s another case of implementation before really understanding requirements. The paper makes a good a start I&#39;ve seen at critiquing the current system, but doesn&#39;t go far enough, IMHO, in defining what actually needs to be done.
      * Von kicked started the Usability area with a Twiki.  Not much activity since then (only one minor comment)

Security presented at GDB.  There was a weekly meeting on Dec 15th, and another a weekly meeting tomorrow.

---++ Operations
(Rob Quick)

(No update)

---+ TEG Week Agenda

Monday: 
   * all day: Operations and Tools TEG meeting, room H.331 @ Nikhef, video available
   * 1500-1700: Technical seminar about glexec/lcmaps plugins, Brian Bockelman, H.220 @ Nikhef

Tuesday:
   * all day: Storage Management / Data Management TEG meeting H.331 @ Nikhef.

Wednesday:
   * all day: Storage Management / Data Management TEG meeting H.331 @ Nikhef

Thursday:
all day   : Workload Management TEG meeting, N.328 @ Nikhef (videoconf available) Est. 25 people
all day   : Security Model TEG meeting, L.120 @ CWI (videoconf TBD) : Est. 15 people
1515-1530 : Pre colloquium cookies, H.331
1530-1630 : BiG Grid Colloquium, Brian Bockleman, H.331 @ Nikhef
            Title: &quot;Putting Condor in a container: Adapting virtualization techniques
                       to batch systems&quot;
1630-1700 : Time for discussion after colloquium

About the Security Model TEG meeting, I *think* that videoconferencing will be available but am not sure, since the room is not at Nikhef I don&#39;t know the equipment.  We are checking on this (Romain, Steffen, do you need it?)

Friday :

Morning   : Workload Management TEG meeting, N.328, videoconf available (room ok til 13.30)
            Est. 25 people
Afternoon : Workload Management TEG meeting, H.320 @ Nikhef, NO video available.  (after 13.30)
            Est. 25 people, end time to be confirmed by convenors.
