---+!! OSG Executive team meeting, December 6th  11.30 am
%TOC%

---++ Coordinates
   * 510 665 5437 ID 1111
   * Attending: Anne, Maxim, Chander, Ruth, Alina, Miron, John, Torre, Alain, Todd,
   * Apologies: Frank,  Doug, Mine,


---+++ Project Management 
   * Review/closeout of Year 1 WBS unfinished items  [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGyr1_WBS_final2_Incomplete_Tasks-1.xls][OSGyr1_WBS_final2_Incomplete_Tasks-1.xls]] 
Tool for monitoring what is happening. Not a tool to track completeness or quality within the OSG. Chander to have one on one phone calls with the individuals.  By Monday lunch time have a phone call with Chander. 

   * Status of deliverables on Year 2 WBS


---+++ Preparing for OSG Release 1.0
   * Sign off on VDT 1.0 spreadsheet/deliverables.
 &lt;br&gt;My understanding is that Frank has gathered the stakeholder input and now the time has run out. Can Frank please send  to collection  to Alain and/or the ETP before tomorrows  meeting.

Estimate: can have a VDT ready to go to integration with the main additions/deliverables as currently known by February 15th.
Alan De Smet is being added to the VDT effort short term til hiring is done.
Alain will identify those components where providers can extend their responsibility to the build and test to help integrated release.
Alain has not received any input from the Applications group. 
WMS deliverables for 12/7 - condor based submission system for pilot jobs for Panda WMS. Maxim/Alain will talk offline.

---+++ Executive Director Report
   * Update on January Review [[#ReviewAgenda]]
   * Partnership with Sao Paolo GRid - preparation for phone/video meeting on 14th.

Need to write papers. Materials for the CISE publication has similar content. Come up with some additional action items.  Include these discussions at the all hands? 


---++ Action Items in progress (start of organizing this better)


   1 [Mine Altunay] Have security officer work with metrics team and others to work with site on what information should be collected, who would have access, etc.  Context was a report from Mine on barring procedure and approval of CA authorities.  Privacy issues.  Metrics committee: Ruth, Richard Mount, Warren Anderson, Vicky White, David Skinner.
   1 [Rob Q] will send the council members a short survey regarding how data are kept by Gratia accounting services - how long we should retain, what should be summarized, when does it get discarded.  Individual job records to summary data.  Estimate 1.5 TB/year for live data.
   1 [John Mcgee]  Lead the planning for All-hands.
   1 [Ruth P] Report back from ET to Facility on WN software open port issues.

---+++ Strawman Agenda for Review? 
#ReviewAgenda

Leadership in Cyberinfrastructure, impact on decisions of the stakeholders.  Not just the day to day. Leadership impact on the entire community. Broadening and bringing in the other aspects of the project. Present story of the review and then fill in the plans. Have this for 8.30 on Friday for the discussion. 


| Session | Topic | Person | Length |
|*Applications / Stakeholders*  | |||
|| STAR | Tim Hallman | 15+5 |
|| LIGO | Patrick Brady | 15+5 |
|| ATLAS | Jim Shank | 
|| CMS |||
||  Opportunistic use in HEP  | Frank (he can come for the first day only).  | 15+5 |
|| Rosetta |  Would someone present over the video perhaps? ||
|| Charmm | Ana ||


|*Project management*  ||||
|| Project Status and Year 1 achievements  |||
|| Comments from project - agency liaison | Jim Yeck ||
|| Consortium view of the project  |||
|| Year 2 plan - resources managers |||

|*Project Deliverables  - Accomplishments and Process *||||
|| Middleware |  Alain |||
|| Trash/Trash/Integration and Interoperation Grid |  Rob G |||
|| Monitoring and Metrics | Brian |||
|| Grid Schools | Alina |||
|| Security | Mine |||
|| Operations and WLCG Interfaces | Rob Q |||
|| WMS Just in time and impact on the decisions |||

|*Engagement * ||||
|| Campus Grids | Sebastien |
|| New Communities - John |||
|| Americas Initiative |||

| *Demonstration*||||
|| Rosetta |  John ||
|| Panda/ATLAS/CHARMM  | Torre/Maxim |||


-- Main.RuthPordes - 06 Dec 2007
  

