Rob G, Alain, Paul, Kent, Frank, Ruth, Mike, Doug

a) VDT issues and preparation for OSG release.

So we&#39;ll have VDT 1.7.1 in about a week. The plan is to release VDT 1.8.0 two weeks after that, after we test on the VTB and fix problems. Once that&#39;s released, we begin deployment in the ITB. Rob has contacted BNL and will contact FermiGrid for having persistent ITB sites. When will the applications be needed? Users meeting talking about this; being more &quot;hardnosed&quot; and if people are away do not wait. What are the documentation expectations? AIX and MacOSX - Aix has a subset in VDT 1.7.1 and more in 1.8.1; MacOSX is at the stage of testing Globus. Need help with the Globus failures and will get Charles involved.

Interoperability tests between EGEE-PPS and OSG-ITB will be part of the tests. Need to be able to send gLite WMS job to a WS-Gram OSG site. Get Burt to test this explicitly. Likely to be more choice to go to WS-Gram. UCSD met with Stu Martin to go through details of WS-Gram deployment needs for OSG: managed fork, nfs-lite, xinetd, and other options needed; scheduling stin/stdout/sterr in/out of the WN.

b) July OSG workshops. July blueprint meeting. Organizing multiple production requests meeting.

   * 17th -18th July is a blueprint. Morning 17th is planning. Miron gets there at midday. Topic is to follow up on security and next steps: Gabriele, Igor, Torre?
   * 19th-20th July CEDPS data area meeting at Fermilab. Miron can only make the 20th. Goal is to decide on architecture and APIs for the managed data placement. Looking for a community for the managed data placement service. LIGO?
   * 24th July multiple production requests subgroup meeting. Ian Fisk, Kent Blackburn, ED, FC, CS, Michael Ernst?
   * 26-27th July Users Group meeting. Going OK. 
   * 30th-31st July Site Administrator meeting.  30 people registered to date.

Possibility that Council meeting moved to August 13 - preferable for Kent -  or 15 at BNL: Kent has a conflict; Mike may be off the whole week; 
Next blueprint meeting in Wisconsin co-located with EGEE week after Chep. Focus on operations and testing.RobG can make this.
8-10th August Grid School, UNL. Going well. Looking for volunteers for the school and hands on lab exercisers. Could use one outside lecturer.

c) WLCG meetings next week at CERN : Storage workshop, GDB, GSSD.

   * Issue of SRM V2.2/dCache 1.8 deployment and support.  Report from ATLAS week at CERN: RobG: improvement in tools for testing site availability and load testing. data management and data transfer issues - SEs, SRM/dCache. Few ATLAS Tier-2 installations now using VDT SRM/dCache and problems being identified and fixed. 
   * Can Site availability probes be reused in other frameworks ? Initial look from US ATLAS was that was not possible ? Thomasz Woldeck at BNL looked at this. Ruth will facilitate a phone meeting with him, Michael etc to understand the  issues. What is the schedule for reporting to the WLCG SAM repository ? All probes are in the VDT at the moment with a mechanism for running them. Arvind working on getting information to Gratia repository and from repository to SAM. Condor is used for scheduling - can be separated out.

d) report from SciDAC PI meeting.

one on one tutorial Friday at MIT. 

e) ISSGC07 - are the logistics all sorted out?  students reporting needs. IceCube contacts.  Phone meeting coordinates -   Mike.

f) proposed OSG CI-Team proposal for OCI funding year 2 and 3.

Mikes view from what he has seen to date:  feels the biggest challenge is to make anything related to a large project like OSG to be innovative and interesting such that the program of work sounds really exciting and worth funding. Is multi-disciplinary engagement a plus here? deep and cool or multi-disciplinary is good. Lots of discussion of current CI-Team awardees explain what their program is, how they did the proposal. Program office will talk about the mission and what they are looking for. 175 attendees. Follow up day is to generate a report on the workshop. May possibly feed forward into the review process. Diana Roten wants to build a CI-Team community and an ongoing interactions between the awardees and applicants and feedback to help frame future programs if this is the last year for CI-Team.



-- Main.RuthPordes - 28 Jun 2007


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGND2.ppt][OSGND2.ppt]]: presentation1

