OSG Executive Team Meeting, October 4th 2007

%TOC%
October 4th

Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437; 4.30 PM

---+ Agenda &amp; Meeting Notes
Attending: Chander, Kent, Ruth, Anne, Alina, Frank, Paul, Alain, Doug, 

Apologies: 

---++ Request from CDIGS on WS-GRAM Roadmap

The CDIGS team would like to continue working closely with the OSG team on the GRAM-4 transition. Based on our successful results with the ITB as well as ongoing Globus/GRAM-4 development that is focusing exclusively on reliability &amp; performance, we believe that we are well positioned to help make the transition to GRAM-4 successful.  What is the procedure for making this an official OSG milestone?     Dan

Alain: Impact on VDT? none. Already supported by VDT. No input on when we should recommend use of GRAM-4. 
Frank: Putting in place a second gatekeeper at UCSD on ITB - one each of  WS and non-WS Gram on same site; will do interoperability testing. Fermilab and UCSD now reporting as 2 sites to WLCG and this causes confusion. Time scale for transitioning would be contingent on results of tests. Terrence will focus on this. New person at UCSD - Toni - will also join. Propose  OSG Campaign with coordinators would be Terrence/Toni, UCSD. Will keep in synch with Rob G and Alain and will get the information from them. Will expect a coordinator of the campaign from CDIGS. Frank would aim for OSG 1.2 (summer &#39;08) as the goal for recommending WS-GRAM over non-WS Gram. Frank will work with US CMS sites to see if they might have a goal for OSG 1.0. 

With this comes the &quot;desire&quot; for OSG to have usage information sent to them - the listener. Default in VDT is to send the data and it goes to the default listener. Proposal from CDIGS for OSG listener and CDIGS listener. Usage collects more than GRAM - including GridFTP statistics. Why is this not included in Gratia collections and repository which is sent to CDIGS ? Uses UDP so is not guaranteed delivery. Someone needs to better understand the listener data and the collector: based on the IP address we think. Would like OSG to show up as a line item in the CDIGS usage data than individual IP addresses of each site. When negotiate the agreement with Dan float idea for this.  Will need effort from both sides to work on the details. Can this be a CEPDS activity for example? 

---++ Education and Training
   * online self paced course materials. 
Machines not yet set up at UofC. Can the UofWisc EDU machines be used instead? System admin still setting up the cluster. Should OSG be funding the system administration effort for the EOT machines? These will have accounts and will go through the workshop material. These are client machines.  Issues of local control by the universities.

   * OSG EDU support VO working as a VO, following on with OSG usage from each of the grid schools. Following up with UTB and UNL.
Alina will follow up to get usage information out of Gratia

   * Next workshop at FIU ~3rd week January (Jan 23-25 2008 -- we would like to confirm and set the date !) -- support from Chepreo and CIARA. 
Contributions from other OSG staff? nothing needed. May need a local lab assistant. Sidhartha (UFL) will help. 

   * Participant support in Year 2.

   * Draft calendar for other workshops (possible venues: Tuskegee U., Georgetown U., ISI)

   * HPC University - cooperation (course materials // potentially Grid Cookbook)

   * Grid Cookbook -- just found out that 1st version will be released Oct 8: [[http://www.sura.org/cookbook/gtcb/][book]] 
May contribute for the next version. 

   * Study cases -- for grid workshop materials -- volunteers / pointers ?
John Trash.ManagementMcGee, +?. Will be asking people to write up the material and have some slides and a demo and tell how to run a sample experiment.
Need 5 in different science domains. 
Would like a couple for January.
Alina and Ben will work with people on this. 
Kent -- there might be some issues getting to the data. Logistics a lot more complicated than one may think. Examples what the experiments are doing will be very valuable but will have a lot of setup time. Work with demo like examples. 

   * Office hours, mailing lists (communication means for follow-on procedure)
First meeting like to be next week. grid-comm@opensciencegrid.org is the list of former workshop participants.

   * SC07 workshop -- short tutorial (6h) -- scaled down version of our regular workshop

Please find [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/OSGReports/RptSaEto2007Q3][full report]]


---++ Communications

   * SC07 attention getter proposal-- not placques, but inflatable 4ft tall animals with OSG logo printed on them ($20 ea excl printing) .
Animal for each booth?  Paul would put it on his florida booth; Frank - what animals? all the same animal or different ones? isn&#39;t 4 ft too big? won&#39;t they get &quot;liberated&quot;? these are not give aways. Frank &quot;with Paul&quot; game for things like. Have a url to look at. 

   * Documentation -- doc hub to point to both release doc and pages with background info. Requesting reviewers for non-release doc pages.
Working with Rob G and Trash/Trash/Integration team. 

   * website home page update planned -- xenomedia will produce prototype. 
probably in a week or so.

   * Will Miron write opinion piece for isgtw in Nov?
Anne to contact Kristine

---++ Planning for the Trash/Trash/Blueprint Meeting

Start date	Monday 22 October 2007 12:00&lt;br&gt;
End date	Tuesday 23 October 2007 1:00pm&lt;br&gt;

Agenda: How to support MPI jobs on OSG, and other applications which might require a) rebuilding for each site configuration; b) intimate knowledge and response to the execution environment.

who is planning to attend? Mats, Chris, Maxim, Ruth, Miron, Alain? Greg Thain?

Hampton Inn at Midway&lt;br&gt;

6540 S. Cicero Avenue&lt;br&gt;
Chicago, IL 60638&lt;br&gt;
Phone: 708-594-5500 Fax: 708-728-9676&lt;br&gt;
Room: HA - Boardroom # 421&lt;br&gt;
Start date	Monday 22 October 2007 12:00&lt;br&gt;
End date	Tuesday 23 October 2007 1:00pm&lt;br&gt;

---++ Schedule for  meetings: 
&lt;b&gt;ETP: Move biweekly meeting slot.&lt;/b&gt;

With Apologies - I know it is a pain moving meetings around.

I believe we need regular discussions of Trash/Engagement at the ETP meetings and we don&#39;t seem to have this on our agendae. To accommodate both the east and the west coast I propose to have a bi-weekly schedule where one week the meeting is at 11.30  am Chicago time on a Thursday and the next it is at 4.30 pm Chicago time on a Thursday.

I have spoken to Alain as 11 am Chicago time is the weekly VDT Office Hours. He says they generally finish in 1/2 hour and he is comfortable with an 11.30 am ETP meeting. 12 noon is the weekly Users Meetings, and thus for every other week members of the executive team who attend would be late to that.
On talking with people the other option of moving the meeting to 11 am Chicago time on Wednesday does not work; 11 am Friday does not work; I am not prepared to go earlier than that for the West Coast - and anyway the earlier times are taken up with various WLCG,  EGEE, European meetings.

I propose to start the biweekly schedule this week with the regular 4.30 pm and go to 11.30 on 11th October unless there are conflicts that people have that just mean they can never attend.

I talked briefly to Torre and he proposes Maxim be his alternate to attend meetings that Torre cannot where the workload management and other user support at BNL are on the agenda.

&lt;b&gt;Finance Board:&lt;/b&gt;
 Nov 2nd face to face. Is this all day? Can we have an EB slot on that day? 
9am-12noon for Finance board. then 2 hours for EB by phone and video. 

&lt;b&gt;EB&lt;/b&gt;
MInutes from last weeks EB available. Can we have a few hour EB on Nov 1st or 2nd? (every 6 weeks). Next currently scheduled EB is 14th December. Can we start scheduling for 2008? 
 
  Yes

&lt;b&gt;Blueprint&lt;/b&gt; 

Oct 22-23 MPI&lt;br&gt;
Dec 6-7  Security. This overlaps with the MSWG. We plan to take this hit unless advised otherwise.&lt;br&gt;
Dates for 2008?&lt;br&gt;
 
 Dec 6-7  - Frank will not make it. will think about delegating. 

Schedule for 2008:  yes.

&lt;b&gt; Site Administrators Face to Face&lt;/b&gt;
Proposed to be at Fermilab Dec 5-6 ending at midday on 6th. 

&lt;b&gt;Others&lt;/b&gt;

Executive Director, Project Associate meeting with Gratia accounting project all day October 11th at Fermilab. Attendance includes  Karthik Arunachalam - US ATLAS contribution; Brian - OSG metrics staring 1/1/08;  Focus: Deliverables and schedule; Reporting; Storage Accounting in place by end of 2007 and reporting to WLCG;  Will include phone meeting with RSV.  Are there other people who would like to come? Are there specific agenda items? 

All hands meeting: When to have an outline of the goals and scope and when to start the program committee? 
   * Start Nov 1. Program committee of 3-4 people. Look at who we tried to get last time but could not and reinvite them . e.g. Dennis Gannon; Dan Weber; 

---++ year2 OSG SOW Status 

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls][year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls]]: year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls

---++ CI Days S/W Proposal

Frank: Read it. Clear good idea to get more universities enabled with an infrastructure that is easy to install and use. Nervous when says &quot;help Universities to deploy infrastructure equivalent to the TeraGrid server infrastructure. Why would they if they are not part of the resources themselves? Why would they not just join OSG? If proposal is embraced at Wisconsin this is a good place for it to be embraced.  Need to clarify the objectives. We can&#39;t ignore this. 

Alain: Opaque document.  Wisconsin helping on a TeraGrid client. Alain has tried to convince that should be based on the VDT. Should John and Ruth bring VDT to the table on the CIDays? Lee talked to Miron? Ruth talk to Lee? 

Kent: should we have a brainstorming session to talk about strategy with TeraGrid. 

Please could the EB look at the CIDAYS.org link sometime. 


-- Main.RuthPordes - 02 Oct 2007


