---++ Minutes OSG Council Tuesday August 2nd
---++++ Afternoon Session Noon to 6:00PM Central

   * Acceptance of last months minutes from [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/July-12-2011][July 12 Teleconference]] 

   * Attending: Brad Abbott, Paul Avery, Lothar Bauerdick, Miriam Boon, Bob Clare, Eli Dart, Michael Ernst, Stu Fuess (For Vicky White), Rob Gardner, Tom Hacker, Bill Johnston, Miron Livny, Richard Mount, Kimberly Myles (minutes), Ruth Pordes, Chander Seghal, Horst Severini, Piotr Sliz, Rick Snider, David Swanson, Steve Tuecke,   
   * Regrets:  David Swanson

---+++ OSG Executive Director Report- Ruth Pordes
RE: Clemson opportunistic cycles: Miriam Boone to work with site administrators, where there is a mix of usage in different communities, to have an OSG Newsletter article.

InDHTC proposal sent to DOE ASCR was declined as “out of scope”.

Emails to OSG Council are bouncing- Richard, due to new Fermilab spam filter. Being looked at now.

Richard and David Skinner, NERSC, organizing “Collaboration for Extreme Scale Science” workshop, Dec. 6 &amp; 7. Aim to “Strengthen motivation for funding/ collaboration for extreme scale science program by Oscar.

FY12 Planning (slide)-Ruth is an area coordinator, project administration. 

US ID Management group (slide)- full plan anticipated in early September.

Focus on Software Short Term (Slide)-trying to understand GT5- not used before, approach carefully, significant change in software version that will be installed on science and that will affect all pilot jobs that are submitted- needs widespread testing.

Software- moving to RPM-based distribution (Richard’s presentation at Staff Retreat)

2 week holdup of PacMan release when Horst went on vacation. Revisiting issue to avoid this kind of delay for RPM release (January?)
Test version of RPM will be available for CD (GT5 non-Cream version)

Questions:  Miron- In the management of opportunistic resources, how much do the sites want to delegate allocation to OSG and how much to them? EMI project release- is it going to continue to be released/supported?

RP ACTION ITEM: Find where Council is mentioned in OSG documents:
   * Charter (needs revisiting)- no mention
   * Bylaws, blueprint 1st paragraph- echoes bylaws/cooperative agreement.
   * language re: executive team/board, and extensive comments on the operation of the Council
   * Is text appropriate for what we want for next year or two?

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  

   * Find effort within project to pay attention to requirements and gather them.How do OSG sites get involved? 
   * Action: Talk to group and have them talk to Jim Basney.
   * Future Action: Implementing Bestman and Bestman II. (Task for FY12) Issue to come before council, commitment from OSG to have sustaining support/ work w/ communities that use.
   * If something is missing from the “Goals to be prioritized in January” slide (4.2), let Alain know.
   * At Site Administrators meeting in Texas next week, Alan will train people on how to do testing. RP wants representation from all communities there, if possible (See slide 28).  If missing a community, tell RP.


---+++ Technical Director report- Miron Livny
Ruth-resurrect collecting requirements (for software activity we have available not whole scope) from major stakeholders, VOs. Put outcomes into user support. 

LB- think about how OSG can benefit smaller communities, by sharing data management/ movement expertise, submitting jobs in cohesive way.

Miron- Discover what campuses need. Current attitude is one size fits all.

Tom Hacker-Purdue- issue on campuses is what to do with scientific data, how manage, curate, store, and share. OSG can leverage knowledge and try to solve this pain point.

Questions: Council What is the difference between 2005 and 2012? Decision as to how different opportunistic users use OSG, how should we position ourselves with funding agencies i.e. DOE/NSF. Scheduling- understand opportunities on data side/ identity management. (We have to schedule, move data and perform identity management) 
---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  

   * Trash/Trash/Blueprint of OSG- Council to read. 
   * Council to send Miron feedback re: extent council is prepared to guide, direct? 
   * Council to help in talking with sponsor, writing of proposal, outline how to talk to agencies?
   * Future council meeting: poll VOs if they want to be a prototype tester (follow from NEEs archiving model)
  
---+++ ESnet representative - Michael Ernst (LBNL)
Presented by Bill Johnston of ESnet, NERSC

Develop more coherent class of application related issues.

Separate campus into network architectures, one for data intensive one for network-specific info.

Topic for Richard’s workshop- Getting collaborations on board, refining elevator pitch.

Relationship between ESNETESNET and OSG- deeply involved in data anywhere “stuff”. Will work with ESnet to see how this is in relation to OSG.

ELI- promoted to Joint Tech- several from universities interested in it.

Questions:  How do you see this group interacting with university campug organizations (A: LBNL doesn’t, major DOE science projects will.)

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  
   * OSG to follow up on proposal, make an assessment on usefulness of this performance working group and how OSG will interact-LBNL

---+++ Update on ATLAS opportunistic usage - Michael Ernst 
Do not want VOs to approach US ATLAS sites directly; VO reps contact facility manager (US/ATLAS) - Implement opportunistic usage for VOs other than US ATLAS.

Questions: Which VOs to add next? Ready for another? Had meeting with HCC/Engage, depends on demand from HCC. Open up for opportunistic users in a  very controlled way.

---+++ Report from Council members on talking to sponsors - All – Paul Avery
Request for Letter of Commitment.

SBGrid submitted proposal to NSF, with OSG component (satellite proposal) .

Miron suggests adding people to fight for funding, esp. high profile (poss. Nobel prize) scientists providing context for need i.e. search for Higgs compromised w/ out OSG.

Richard noted experience of Joseph Perl of SLAC: getting $ out of NIH successfully depends on collaboration i.e. Harvard med, SLAC- pose OSG as a tool for medical research, fall under med research funding.

MIron- Look at Galaxy if intention is to bring in more biologists- more accessible than SCI Linux.

Questions: How does DOE regard connection with OSG? How much effort should OSG put into non-traditional users?

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  

   * US LHC JOG meeting in October- ATLAS/CMS, suggest that OSG is on the agenda.  Make sure they understand how Tier 3’s contribute to physics output. (Bob, Nick, have this discussion with the program Manager)
   * Discussion w/ Executive team need for consortium members to help- US LHC Council members to follow up with funding agent, get participating institutions to contact agencies. Run 2 experiments to speak to spokespeople. Reach out to DOE, other members of council, encourage giving talks on your campus etc. 
   * CDF and DZero go to Spoke’s, what would they say? Write something up with bullet points for each experiment (Refer to run 2 assessment document written last year defining dependency on OSG. Include chart with effort profile submitted to DOE/NSF i.e. Mass apply as major stakeholder to NIH?

---+++ Report from iSGTW board meeting - Paul Avery, Miriam Boon 
   * 1st face-to-face board meeting, discussed big changes i.e. David Ritchie retiring, EU down 1 board member 
   * Discussions occurring with XCEDE
   * Signed MOU w/ Simon Lynn (Taipei) to hire someone with half effort on iSGTW covering Asia.
   * Deciding on changing iSGTW name? (no longer covering grid computing alone, lack of name recognition)

Questions: Who should replace these members? Positions on board to convince organizations to commit to publication/involvement.


---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser 
Discussion re: how to put OSG interface behind their XSEDE interface. Proposing to keep XSEDE interface and something with OSG behind it. Have to hide from TG users – they don’t know anything about certificates.

Lothar and Dave discussed with Rob Snihur a plan to work w/ CMS Tier 3’s. CMS side, submitting jobs to local resource, trying to get them to submit to other clusters. Work w/ Rob to get software they need on other cluster/ use campus grid technology to bridge interfaces.

Target some of university’s that already understand high throughput computing, i.e. Tier 3’s w/ existing Condor infrastructure.


---+++ NEES Results- Tom Hacker
Gabriele answered question of how we provision movement of data:- a two stage process, getting data back to submit host to a person’s PC, initiated by user, workflow driven by limitations we have (Capability we’re developing now, issue Globus online) PC is windows, had to move to Linux to make earthquake simulation work properly.

Ruth- Get Purdue to embrace as IT facility and campus grid, talked to people at various groups, goal to make connection again.

Questions: Data management- greatest challenge with OSG. Do we have regulation to protect PC of NEES scientist who has uploaded data? How do we provision movement of data?






-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 08 Aug 2011
