&lt;table width=&quot;100%&quot;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt;
---+!!OSG Management Activity
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; align=&quot;right&quot; width=&quot;25%&quot;&gt;
%TABLE{ sort=&quot;off&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tableborder=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;3&quot; headerbg=&quot;#F3EDE7&quot; databg=&quot;#F3EDE7&quot;}%


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%

---++ Attendees

Patrick Brady, Kent Blackburn, Patrick Fuhrman, Gene, Michael, Philippe, Miron, RobQ, Alain, 

Phone/Video Coordinates:

We will be using the ESnet ECS Adhoc bridge.
The number to dial in to connect by video is
88674 for (88OSG) at 348kps.
&lt;br&gt;If you need to dial in by phone only, call 510-883-7860 then enter the
Ad-hoc number 88674 ) followed by the # sign.
&lt;br&gt;for Ad-Hoc instructions for dialing in http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/dialin.htm
&lt;br&gt;or connecting to to view the stream http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/codian.htm
---++External / Contributing Projects:

LIGO PIF and VO Services - PatrickB/Doug/Gabriele &lt;br&gt;
Review posted project plan and status for addressing LIGO identity and authorization deliverables. &lt;br&gt;
   * Plan coming from meetings between Warren, Gabriele, DougO, include a VDT person (Miron). Technical lead will be identified - likely to be IgorS or TanyaL. Will report through the VO Services project and LIGO PIF to EB. 
   * What happened to the requirement for 2 year certs? This has turned into requirement to investigate how to smooth out the renewal of certs in the analysis system (Doug). 

LIGO PIF and Extensions -  PatrickB&lt;br&gt; 
Review status of analysis deliverables and milestones lessons learned document. Status of evaluation of alternate WMS systems for LIGO.&lt;br&gt;
   * Pegasus testing proceeding at Caltech. Met first milestone
   * WMS becoming higher priority within LIGO tests are ramping up at Milwaukee. Plan to write a report to choose which road to follow in the medium/longer term. Will be fed into the OSG milestones and plans. 
 

 [[%ATTACHURL%/accounting-reporting-site.pdf][GratiaDeployment]]  - Philippe&lt;br&gt;
Address priorities and list of sites not yet reporting to Gratia; Review VO level and Success information  reported; Understand report analysis and metrics extraction action items and possibilities; Understand status and needs for reporting to the WLCG. &lt;br&gt;
   * Issues with BNL and versions of Condor. 
   * Work with RobQ to get rest of sites to install.
   * WLCG  - need time to look at automated scripts. the &#39;pragmatic&#39; way will take about a month. EB recommends the pragmatic solution to meet the milestone. Need Normalized numbers. Currently do not have the CPU power we are reporting about. Raw numbers -- don&#39;t have the consituents of the farms. Need to come up with the best guess. Will use the number from the US CMS Tier-1. this is ok. 
   * Make sure to alert ET and US ATLAS/US CMS Management if risk of missing the milestone.
   * TeraGrid sporadic attendance at the monthly meetings no plans for collaboration at this point. 
   * 2 types of Storage accounting: dCache transfer probe being deployed in next couple of weeks; regular storage hoping to reuse the work from WLCG using the information service. Is this monitoring or accounting? Make sure we are defining things properly. Expecting storage reports to come from the OSG Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions program. 
   * Need to discuss what it means for OSG to &quot;miss a WLCG milestone&quot; within the Executive Team. ED says we need to pay more attention to this along the way. 
   * Have another meeting between Miron/Philippe/Todd in the next month or two to look at reports. 
   * Philippe needs a way to tell which VO owns what. Need added information in the schema about the VOs who own. Up to 3 VOs that can have resources at a site. Does Rob Quick have that information? This is part of the GIP information. Rob will send Philippe an initial spreadsheet. 


[[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-EB-Meeting--VO-Services-Project-Status.ppt][VO Services]] -  Gabriele&lt;br&gt;
Results/action items for OSG from VOMS/VOMRS WLCG working meetings. Status and plans for VOMRS in VDT. Interoperability between Authz components in OSG and EGEE -- especially for storage.&lt;br&gt;
 

 [[%ATTACHURL%/cedps_for_OSG_EB.pdf][CEDPS report]] -  Jen &lt;br&gt;
-- might you be able to give the first report about CEDS-OSG at this phone meeting (presentations of no more than 5 slides)? If you have a conflict it would be great if you could post a presentation and we will read through it since several people in OSG are part of CEDS with related hats??&lt;br&gt;
   * Feb 28th meeting of Data area all day at Fermilab. MOPS  - where does this fit in the needs of the OSG Stakeholders. Miron - &quot;big VOs&quot; have their own solutions. Difficult to engage them. In OSG should focus on technologies we can offer to smaller VOs and groups to help them with their data management needs rather than redoing phedex and/or dcache. ANL-Fermi meeting to ensure GridFTP is interoperable. Discussion of &quot;DMIS&quot; reliable transfer service across EGEE and OSG. 
   * Can come to dCAche with a Certificate and start a transfer at any time you want. Is this a good idea? This circumvents SRM scheduling and talks to the dCache directly. US LHC does not use this. It is subject to local authorization. What about scheduling within dCache itself? how is this a managed resource. can this be dealt with at the policy level in the future since it is recorded in Gratia? 
   * Need an OSG policy on focus on small or large VOs for this work? LIGO is in the middle. What is the direction for LDR. (Agreement from Patrick). LIGO uses LDR which only uses RLS as a backend catalog. The spin off project is supported by ISI/Globus. How do we define our shopping list? Avoid doing extra work and focus on the basics and have time to do things. 
   * What about the Troubleshooting? How do we make sure this is not duplication? How do we ensure this does not go in a divergent direction. Current plan is to use syslog-ng as part of the infrastructure. Lessons learned would be useful as part of the discussionon between the groups. 
   * Agenda of all hands meeting of ET to come up with our input and approach. Are the right people coming? Need to communicate decision to move information into Syslog. 
   * Need to develop a milestone system with our external projects. 
   * Scalable Services - driven into VM technologies. STAR deploying through an SBIR with rPath. Build STAR application images and run as VM through Globus Workspaced. Use ITB at some point? PLanning to put into the SBIR phase II proposal? would be next year? 

 [[%ATTACHURL%/osg-dcache-intro.pdf][OSG DCache Introduction]] - PatrickF --&lt;br&gt;
would you be able to give a brief status on the dCache (including SRM layer, no more than 5 slides -- actually I am thinking of trying 3 instead of 5 for the future -- what do you think? ) collaboration deliverables  (involves DESY, Fermilab, WLCG.. others?)
   * issues with 1.7 release. Load on the SRM server machine is excessive. Dedicated machine to SRM interface is the advice. Goal is to have a small dCache as with a few machines and not have to have a separate machine. 
   * US ATLAS doing xrootd tests and is interested in this technology. (Michael)  Would be useful to have SE dCache-Xrootd integrated. What about the Authentication? Plain GSI initially. gPlazma authz/dCache can happen soon. 
   * Multiple VOs to a single DN - not for a few months. US CMS Tier-1 is interested; collaboration is thinking about it. 
   * Chimera migration to/from PNFS under discussion, plans for production support still being done. Fermilab experiments need for 1st week ability to retrench if there is a problem. US ATLAS says need to do the transition in a few months else it is too late for the US LHC commissioning. US CMS (jon) also says this. Can this be tested on the ITB? and/or the OSG Storage Testbed. planning new h/w at Fermilab for this. Testing performance plan needed.
   * New build scripts make building/testing/installation much easier. VDT integration collaboratiob between EU and US make a complete RPM for all customers. dCache source  is in the CERN APT repository. 
   * GridFTP improvements being contributed by the  NorduGrid project. They are in good contact with the Globus team and fixes will be fed back to the Globus group.  There is a complete rewrite of the gftp code. This needs very good review and testing. Is it in the client and/or server? 
   * Arrange offline meeting on the details. Get more details on short term roadmap. url of status report at FNAL on Tuesday. - Ruth.

Condor - Condor making progress with the scaling of the glidein infrastructure. What about exponential backoff on the CE head node? 


---++OSG Core

Security - [[%ATTACHURL%/eb-sec-notice-summary-070214.pdf][Summary of security noticessecurity alerts /and or  incidents]] -- a report.
   * Response looks ok and patch releases for the moment. 
   * Alain now a member of the Globus Security committee. Early warning of problems and thus quicker releases of patches. Constrained to the security patch only. What about communication to EGEE? 
   * Need to develop a way of knowing that patches are installed and everything is deployed - this is an action item. Need a monitoring mechanism which is part of the security responsibility. Some cases but not all automated way to check? Security Document needs to include this as part of our procedures. Operations will report how many sites have installed the patch. Closed by the Security Officer and Team. Define the states of an alert. When can we stop worrying? 
   * Should we support an infrastructure for  automatic updates?  Not required but maybe an offering. 

[[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=541&amp;version=1&amp;filename=OSG%20Operations%20Metrics%20v112.doc][Operational Metrics]] and   [[%ATTACHURL%/ControlMetrics.ppt][proposal for Initial Targets]]  - EB final review and signoff of Year 1 Operational Metrics plans
   * need to define the purpose of each metric in order to define, track and synthesize in the right way.
   * Effectiveness : how do we measure human effort to do particular things. not only ease of use but also maintaining a site etc. 
   * FKW: Surveys - not a good mechanism. Not too often and not put too much stake into it ie not require responses. System availability. Gratia now reports success and main VOs did not care to know -- Terrence tried to follow up on CDF failures CDF were not interested - model is that submission is open to all; everyone can submit their own scripts and there is no control of the VO over the meaning of the Exit Codes - ie they are meaningless as reported in Gratia. Exit Code is not an indicator for success. CMS has for its applications well defined exit codes for measuring success. Testing of them did not show they are implemented in practice. What is the appropriate metric for failures/successes? do we care about intrinsic problems of distributed computing? fault of our software and infrastructure? careful define the faults that we care about and instrument. Goal is to help the VOs understand what they are doing.  Not put a % Success of VO jobs number. what happens if using Glidein only see the pilot? do we expect the VOs to send back to us the information as to failures they see due to the grid infrastructure - is this within scope. Should report it per vo based on per-VO information and have VOs that are not providing this. Need an agreement between VO and the OSG where the boundary is. CPU time/wall clock etc. Is failure defined as a Human intervention rather than resubmission automatically which is &quot;life&quot;. 


STAR Efficiency - Review of Troubleshooting Results and Lessons Learned for the future.

thats 9 items in 3 hours. Seems plenty to me. 

Note that things like the OSG 0.6.0 release are discussed weekly in the Facility Coordination and Executive Team meetings so I am not including them here. The ET,  Integration, Operations, Troubleshooting meetings have minutes posted on the twiki and you are invited to read them there and send questions to this EBP list. 

-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 Feb 2007

