---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Jeff Dost
   * Neha Sharma
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Guests
   * Robert Engel
   
---++ Status
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Alex:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
* Support
 - support for STAR data delivery from PDSF to BNL via bestman full mode
 - Attended con call for EMI SRM security
 - Follow-up for bestman licence with LBNL tech dept
    Working on source release of the bestman2
&lt;/pre&gt;

Doug:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
Pigeon for RSV: Bugs fixed for classicSE, java version, ordering, and ping parser.
&lt;/pre&gt;

Jeff:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
Test setup:
- successfully installed bestman, verified commands srmcp, srmls, srmmkdir, lcg-ls, lcg-cp worked

Hadoop RPMS:
- successfully built bestman-2.2.1.3.16-1.el5.noarch.rpm and tried it on test setup.  It installed and ran with no problems.
- failed uploading bestman 2.2.1.3.16 into rpm repository, checking with Michael and Brian to make sure I have proper permissions
&lt;/pre&gt;

Neha:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
- Going over 1.9.6-*, 1.9.7-*, 1.9.8-*, 1.9.9-*, 1.9.10-* release notes for next VDT-dCache release
- Pinged OSG Storage admins again for the downtime info. Compiling summary of responses.
&lt;/pre&gt;

Tanya:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
   meeting with Ruth, Gabriele, Chander
   meeting with LIGO
   ITB meeting
   site admins and OSG AHM preparation meeting
   Tier3-Coordinators meeting
 
   reviewed RSVPigeon document, provided feedback
   installed xrootd 3.0.0, tested simple configuration, working configuration with  FRM 
   continued work on pluging existing tests into se validation package, incorporated InforProvider Test
&lt;/pre&gt;

---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
!BeStMan RPMS
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Jeff is working on bestman production release. He was able to build with koji  with the scratch option as a test but failed to build the actual distribution (permission problems). He is waiting for Michael to fix permission. Jeff will also need to be all additional packages (is it possible that the versions didn&#39;t change):
   * gratia-probe-gridftp-transfer-1.04.3c-1.noarch
   * gridftp-hdfs-0.1.0-15.el5.i386

Jeff didn&#39;t have time to work on hadoop documentation. He hopes to start next week.

---++ Second agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
RSV pigeon
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Doug hoped that he fixed all the outstanding fixes. RSV should be released to ITB this week. He is working on documentation modifications. 

---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
dcache 1.9.12
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Neha has reviewed all changes in dcache software since the release of the  current &quot;golden&quot; version (1.9.5). The next golden release will be 1.9.12 and it will be released sometime this spring. The are a lot of significant changes in configuration so vdt-dcache configuration scripts will required significant changes. Neha will talk to sys admins that are running dcache to figure out how eager they are to move to the next dcache golden release and see how many of them are using vdt scripts to do upgrade. 

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
xrootd
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
The VDT team has released xrootd rpms 3.0.0. Tanya has installed and is testing xrootd with various configurations options.


xrootd probes are broken and Brian will be able to work on fixes only after January 31st. 

---++ Fifth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
OSG AHM meeting preparation
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Doug will prepare &quot;Pigeon tools&quot; presentation for AHM and he will also  install HDFS on FermiCloud and verif that HDFS tutorial presented by M. Thomas during Tier-3 SysAdmin meeting is up to date.

---++ Sixth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

Closed:

27 - OSG Storage: storage-authzdb: Authorizing multiple users in one line

28 - OSG Storage: dCache: Problem upgrading Chimera DB from Postgresql 8.3.9 to 9.0.2

++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++

No Update:

24 - OSG Storage: dCache: pnfsDump-1.0.21-1 rpm not working with 1.9.5-8

20 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Defective Credential Error

9073 - OSG Storage:  Summary of bestman-g issues/requests from US ATLAS

8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package


VDT ticket:

8299 xrootd gratia probes are failing with gratia 1.06.16b-1
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 21 Jan 2011
