---+ Operations Meeting April 17, 2006
Attendees: Aron, John Hover, John Rosheck, Rob, Leigh, Kyle, Tim, Eric, Michael Thomas (Caltech), Doug, Neha, Steve Clark, Alain, Burt, Horst

   * 1:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999


---+ Operations Agenda
---++ Previous Meeting Notes
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesApril10

---++ Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall

---+++ Fermilab
No representative.
---+++ CDF
No representative.
---+++ DZero
No representative.
---+++ Community Support
No representative.
   * 1811 Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA version 1.5.0 (Steve Timm or Iosif) *Fixed in VDT 1.3.11
   * 1803 TTU-ANTAEUS Site Policy Inquiry (Matthew Norman or Alain Sill)
   * 1790 Site failing critical tests - UERJ_HEPGRID (José Afonso L. Sanches)
   * 1779 pbs access at Purdue (Matthew Norman or Mark Linvill)

---+++ UC CI
No representative.
---+++ USATLAS
Eric - No issues.
---+++ DOSAR
Horst - No issues.
---+++ USCMS
Burt
   * Continued instability on the LDAP servers. Alain Roy said they&#39;re working on it, but they have multiple compile failures. VDT might be a little slow on responding for the next week or week and a half due to CONDOR Week.
---+++ DES/SDSS
Neha - No issues.
---+++ fMRI
No representative.
---+++ GADU
No representative.
   * 951 Many sites not working for GADU VO

---+++ GLOW
No representative.
---+++ GRASE
No representative.
   * 1788 GRASE VO is down
   * 1739 GRASE-CCR-JOPLIN Failing ACDC Testing
   * 1738 GRASE-CCR-ACDC Failing ACDC Testing


---+++ LIGO
No representative.
---+++ STAR
Doug
   * Had a couple questions about monitoring, NERSC-PDSF on ACDC and Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA.
---+++ fGOC
No representative.
   * 1805 Warning for CDF jobs at Florida and UNL

---+++ GROW

   * Production cluster up tomorrow hopefully.
   * 1769 UIOWA-OSG-PROD Emergency Maintenance

---+++ SLAC
No representative.
---+++ VDT
Alain
   * 1771 Hung http processes in VOMS *new version of VOMS should be better, in progress*
   * 1736 Condor Security Issue *fixed, waiting to verify after release (as with many of the VDT tickets*
   * 1666 VDT 1.3.10 / OSG 0.4.1 Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA MLD script needs additional options - 75818 *fixed in ML 1.5.2*
   * 1570 GT4 https and httpg *contact Alex to say we do not plan to support httpg*
   * 1146 Target processor = x86? *nanoHUB problem*
   * 1127 OSG 0.4.0 / VDT 1.3.10 configure_voms remove function does not work - 74637
   * 1126 OSG 0.4.0 / VDT 1.3.10 VOMS configure_voms script - log_rotate for logs not working 74641
   * 1025 monalisa java processes stop running on cmsosgce - 73918
   * 715 GUMS Merory Leak *john working on it*
   * 419 VDT 1.3.9 configure_voms script not functional once root password assigned in MySql database - 66899 *fixed*

---+++ TACC
No representative.
---+++ Mariachi
John Hover - No issues.
---+++NanoHUB
Steven Clark - No issues.
---++ Current OSG/GOC Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

   * 1802 Fermi/Remedy - 00190 - TEST - richt - Submit TO FootPrints - Fermilab 4/17 09:09
   * 1792 ML showing significant # of jobs on NO_VO VO
   * 1785 Grid Certs (GRASE)
   * 1780 Inquiry on how to register SE (dCache in our case) to GridCat
   * 1778 Fermi/Remedy - 00174 - Burt&#39;s Tuesday Interop test
   * 1777 Running Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA as daemon user on ROCKS *fixed CLOSE*
   * 1776 Resource registration for OU_OCHEP_SWT2 
   * 1764 ATHENA 11.0.42 Install Failure
   * 1763 RS Resource/Service Registration Form Submission - SE01
   * 1762 GridCat jobmanager-SGE Problem *CLOSE*
   * 1734 RS Resource/Service Registration Form Submission | UARK_HAWK *waiting for VO registration*
   * 1731 Reports CPUs numbers wrong for BNL_ATLAS site   *Jason working on it*
   * 1669 nanoHUB jobs fail to run
   * 1528 FNAL_GPFARM disappears from monalisa report *another followup needed with Iosif*
   * 1251 Gaps Reported in MonaLisa Graphs - Grid02 upgrades
   * 1094 Use of user home areas--limits?
   * 905 OSG version missing for VOMS/GUMS installations - 73069
   * 808 VO registration for GridChem

---++ Other Issues

---+++Support Centers and Operations Meeting in May (16th and 17th)
   * Burt said Fermi is unlikely to attend. So Burt suggested more advance notification (40 days) for future events. 
   * 


-- Main.TimSilvers - 17 Apr 2006
