%TOC%

---+Documentation Meeting Notes Jul 26 

The Meeting of the Documentation Group will be today at 11:00 AM CDT on the phone bridge at 317-274-4174. 

Attendees: Marcia, Fred, Kyle, RobQ

---++Page Change/Update Procedures
---+++Ticketing and Tracking
   * Some sort of schedule for sync of sites
   * Proposed sync time after this call each Tuesday
   * Webpage change requests will be due by 11:00am on Tuesday
   * Weekly ticket can be created to be reviewed on this call
   * All changes will be discussed on this call before the sync
   * Should there be a link to mail to for comments/changes

---++Registration Database

   * Kyle is working on this today
   * OSG-Registration@opensciencegrid.org is now available
   * Rob is going to set up the list and allow a couple of weeks for subscribers before changing

---++Roll Out

   * Kyle made adjustment to redirect of mainpage
   * Calendar the people attending like the current setup 
   * Marcia will make sure a summary for each event is done

---++PHP/Mambo Security

   * Mambo has a security tool built in that checks the PHP environment
   * Kyle has run this and is working on securing the site

---++Other Topics

   * MySQL server at Fermi the admin is on vacation
   * Steve Timm is back up, and could put up a temporary instance
   * Is it worth setting up a temp server then moving over to a permenant system?
   * Martha will check into the above point

-- Main.RobQ - 26 Jul 2005

