+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees: Brian, Rob Q, Shawn, Tim T, Tim C, Ken, Jeny, Mat, Edgar


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++  Shawn !McKee - Networking
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-07Sep2016-Networking.pptx][OSG-AC-07Sep2016-Networking.pptx]]: OSG AC presentation on networking
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-07Sep2016-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-07Sep2016-Networking.pdf]]: OSG AC presentation on networking - PDF version
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-07Sep2016-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-07Sep2016-Networking.pdf]]: V2 PDF

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
---++ Minutes

---+++ Key Initiatives
   * Networking page now available for review at https://www-itb.opensciencegrid.org/osg-networking/. Next Tuesday this will go live, please give feedback by then. 
   * Active outreach to non-WLCG sites to begin shortly. 
   * Enabling Alerting and Alarming.

---+++ Top Issues / Concerns
   * Operational issues with Datastore. Recent outage lasted Aug 23 to Sept 6. Due to communication and ticketing issues at Ops and with travel. Networking and Ops are working on a plan to be sure this does not happen in the future. New procedures for identifying and communicating with developers will be put in place. 
   * Soichi effort still needed for standalone mesh-configuration. We need to be sure all dependencies on his effort are replaced soon. 
   * Longterm data management tools are still not available. We need these by EoY. 

---+++ Key Accomplishments
   * Networking public pages created. 
   * Defined support process for integrating new sites. 
   * Some initial analysis of data running.







-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 19 Jul 2016






