<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MinutesJuly27 &lt; Storage &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Storage/MinutesJuly27?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MinutesJuly27" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Storage/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Storage/MinutesJuly27"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> -- <a href="/bin/view/Main/SuryaPathak" class="twikiLink">SuryaPathak</a> - 27 Jul 2006
<h1><a name="STORAGE_TECHNICAL_GROUP_Minutes"></a> STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  07/27/06 </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="AGENDA"></a> AGENDA </span></h2>
<p /> <ol>
<li> Outcome of fnal dcache workshop
</li> <li> Publishing data movement / storage metrics on OSG      a) What should be there, what are we measuring
</li> <li> Osg consortium meeting agenda 
</li></ol> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Abhishek Rana (UCSD)
</li> <li> Eileen Berman (FNAL)
</li> <li> Surya Pathak (Vanderbilt) 
</li> <li> Alex Sim (LBNL)
</li> <li> David Myers (LIGO) 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="MEETING_SUMMARY"></a> MEETING SUMMARY </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Outcome_of_fnal_dcache_workshop"></a> Outcome of fnal dcache workshop </h3>
Eileen: The workshop was interesting. Very OSG specific. This meeting is typically centered around developers. This one was different : more user driven. Timur just presented a short update. Action items came out of the dcache workshop (about
8 0r 9). 
1) All attendees were asked to put their configurations on the OSG website. 
2) Frank was working along with jorge rodriguez to convert this information into a table. 
3) Alex was going to add replica manager info in the dacache book.
4) Rob kennedy was going to give dcap component details.
5) Eileen was going to add all these action items on to the twiki.
6) Frank was getting info about pnfs checker to put it up on the twiki
7) Michael Thomas was going to send the information dcache deployment
<p />
Abhishek: Workshop was useful for a broad range of dCache users. Hands-on installaton session was very useful for newcomers. Advanced users and large dCache sites benefitted from interaction and sharing of experience.
<p />
Eileen: David do they have these kind of workshops at ligo
<p />
David: We do not have a storage system. Work is in progress. 
<p />
Eileen: Do you think a workshop on srm-drm would be useful? 
<p />
David: We at ligo have already worked things up...but for novices it would definitely be useful. 
<p />
<h3><a name="Publishing_data_movement_storage"></a> Publishing data movement / storage metrics on OSG </h3>
<p />
Eileen: Ruth wanted to discuss data movemeny and storage metrics on OSG. Does anyone has any experience......
<p />
Eileen: What kind of information do you want to see on OSG regarding different sites:
<p />
a) site is available or not
b) what protocols
c) how much space available?
d) Tape or disk or both
e) PROJECTED TIME FOR THE OPERATION TO COMPLETE
<p />
David : f) How mush total storage space is being used
<p />
Eileen : Would you like to see that how much space was promised and how much is being used?
<p />
Also it would be useful to see queue information....for example what is the status of the request. Please send some ideas to send this on the mailing list. 
<p />
Eileen: I am going to start a seperate page on this..... 
<p />
<h3><a name="DRM_readiness_plan"></a> DRM readiness plan </h3>
<p />
David: It would help to have a updated readiness plan for future deployments...especially from the executive committees point. Alex has circulated a draft of the updated plan.
<p />
Eileen: Alex can you provide a summary
<p />
David: Alex thank you for providing an updated plan...people at LIGO are looking at it.  
<p />
<h3><a name="Osg_consortium_meeting_agenda"></a> Osg consortium meeting agenda </h3>
<p />
Eileen: We have talks shedu;led . Surya is going to give one on L-Store and SRM. What about you Alex?
<p />
Alex: Yes i will give a talk on DRM.
<p />
Eileen: Don't know if timur is coming ... but i may give an update on srm.
<p />
Alex: Want to talk about the different version changes   not more than five mins
<p />
Eileen: Don is going to talk about lambda station
<p />
Ian Fisk: He is going to talk about US CMS.
<p />
Eileen: Paul was going to talk with harvey to see if will talk about ultralight (also Shawn Mckee????). There are about seven talks .... maybe we have to shorten the talk time to 10 mins per presentation
<p />
Surya: This is on the 23rd (wed) isn't it...
<p />
Eileen: Yes ...it is...from 9.00 in the morning until noon. Frank is going to take minutes fo this meeting
<p />
Abhishek: If their is time i can talk about quotas and reseravations....last year myself and frank had presented this on the SRM collaboration meeting
<p />
Eileen: I don't know if there are any developers from dcache side are going to be present. 
<p />
Surya: We want to discuss performance montitoring and bench marking. 
<p />
Eileen: should we discuss website requirements.....
<p />
Surya: Yes...definitely as we can cover a large user base.....
<p />
Eileen: Anything else...we should have a full agenda so that we donot finish early...
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="ACTION_ITEMS"></a> ACTION ITEMS </span></h2>
<p />
1. Eileen put up the agenda for the OSG consortium meeting.
<p />
<!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
 DEAR DOCUMENT OWNER
 <code><b>===============</b></code>
<p />
 Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> name here: <ul>
<li> Local OWNER = <span class="twikiNewLink">PaulSheldon<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/PaulSheldon?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="PaulSheldon (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
<p />
 Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
 DOC_AREA = (<span class="twikiNewLink">ComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/ComputeElement?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="ComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>|Storage|VO|Security|User|Monitoring|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Operations|Tier3) <ul>
<li> Local DOC_AREA       = Storage
</li></ul> 
<p />
 define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
 DOC_ROLE = (<span class="twikiNewLink">EndUser<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/EndUser?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="EndUser (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>|Student|Developer|SysAdmin|VOManager) <ul>
<li> Local DOC_ROLE       = <span class="twikiNewLink">SysAdmin<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/SysAdmin?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="SysAdmin (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
<p />
 Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
 DOC_TYPE = (Troubleshooting|Training|Installation|HowTo|Planning|Navigation|Knowledge) <ul>
<li> Local DOC_TYPE       = Installation  Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( 1 | 0 )
</li> <li> Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( 1 | 0 ) <ul>
<li> Local INCLUDE_TEST   = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 change to 1 once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to 0 if that is not the case <ul>
<li> Local REVIEW_READY   = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 change to 1 once the document is ready to be tested and back to 0 if that is not the case <ul>
<li> Local TEST_READY     = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 change to 1 only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release <ul>
<li> Local RELEASE_READY  = 1
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
 DEAR DOCUMENT REVIEWER
 <code><b>==================</b></code>
<p />
 Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> name here: <ul>
<li> Local REVIEWER       = <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstName<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstName?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="FirstName (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( 2 ), failed ( 0 ) or passed ( 1 )
</li> <li> Local REVIEW_PASSED  = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
 DEAR DOCUMENT TESTER
 <code><b>================</b></code>
<p />
 Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> name here: <ul>
<li> Local TESTER         = <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJuly27" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( 2 ), failed ( 0 ) or passed ( 1 )
</li> <li> Local TEST_PASSED    = 0
</li></ul> 
############################################################################################################
--></div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Storage<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Storage/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MinutesJuly27</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r10 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:13:14 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />