-- Main.SuryaPathak - 27 Jul 2006
---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  07/27/06

---++ AGENDA

   1. Outcome of fnal dcache workshop
   2. Publishing data movement / storage metrics on OSG
      a) What should be there, what are we measuring
   3. Osg consortium meeting agenda 

---++ Attending
   * Abhishek Rana (UCSD)
   * Eileen Berman (FNAL)
   * Surya Pathak (Vanderbilt) 
   * Alex Sim (LBNL)
   * David Myers (LIGO) 


---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ Outcome of fnal dcache workshop
Eileen: The workshop was interesting. Very OSG specific. This meeting is typically centered around developers. This one was different : more user driven. Timur just presented a short update. Action items came out of the dcache workshop (about
8 0r 9). 
1) All attendees were asked to put their configurations on the OSG website. 
2) Frank was working along with jorge rodriguez to convert this information into a table. 
3) Alex was going to add replica manager info in the dacache book.
4) Rob kennedy was going to give dcap component details.
5) Eileen was going to add all these action items on to the twiki.
6) Frank was getting info about pnfs checker to put it up on the twiki
7) Michael Thomas was going to send the information dcache deployment

Abhishek: Workshop was useful for a broad range of dCache users. Hands-on installaton session was very useful for newcomers. Advanced users and large dCache sites benefitted from interaction and sharing of experience.

Eileen: David do they have these kind of workshops at ligo

David: We do not have a storage system. Work is in progress. 

Eileen: Do you think a workshop on srm-drm would be useful? 

David: We at ligo have already worked things up...but for novices it would definitely be useful. 

---+++ Publishing data movement / storage metrics on OSG

Eileen: Ruth wanted to discuss data movemeny and storage metrics on OSG. Does anyone has any experience......

Eileen: What kind of information do you want to see on OSG regarding different sites:

a) site is available or not
b) what protocols
c) how much space available?
d) Tape or disk or both
e) PROJECTED TIME FOR THE OPERATION TO COMPLETE

David : f) How mush total storage space is being used

Eileen : Would you like to see that how much space was promised and how much is being used?

Also it would be useful to see queue information....for example what is the status of the request. Please send some ideas to send this on the mailing list. 

Eileen: I am going to start a seperate page on this..... 

---+++ DRM readiness plan

David: It would help to have a updated readiness plan for future deployments...especially from the executive committees point. Alex has circulated a draft of the updated plan.

Eileen: Alex can you provide a summary

David: Alex thank you for providing an updated plan...people at LIGO are looking at it.  

---+++ Osg consortium meeting agenda

Eileen: We have talks shedu;led . Surya is going to give one on L-Store and SRM. What about you Alex?

Alex: Yes i will give a talk on DRM.

Eileen: Don&#39;t know if timur is coming ... but i may give an update on srm.

Alex: Want to talk about the different version changes   not more than five mins

Eileen: Don is going to talk about lambda station

Ian Fisk: He is going to talk about US CMS.

Eileen: Paul was going to talk with harvey to see if will talk about ultralight (also Shawn Mckee????). There are about seven talks .... maybe we have to shorten the talk time to 10 mins per presentation

Surya: This is on the 23rd (wed) isn&#39;t it...

Eileen: Yes ...it is...from 9.00 in the morning until noon. Frank is going to take minutes fo this meeting

Abhishek: If their is time i can talk about quotas and reseravations....last year myself and frank had presented this on the SRM collaboration meeting

Eileen: I don&#39;t know if there are any developers from dcache side are going to be present. 

Surya: We want to discuss performance montitoring and bench marking. 

Eileen: should we discuss website requirements.....

Surya: Yes...definitely as we can cover a large user base.....

Eileen: Anything else...we should have a full agenda so that we donot finish early...

---++ ACTION ITEMS

1. Eileen put up the agenda for the OSG consortium meeting.

&lt;!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
 DEAR DOCUMENT OWNER
 ===================

 Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local OWNER = PaulSheldon

 Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
 DOC_AREA = (ComputeElement|Storage|VO|Security|User|Monitoring|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Operations|Tier3)
   * Local DOC_AREA       = Storage

 define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
 DOC_ROLE = (EndUser|Student|Developer|SysAdmin|VOManager)
   * Local DOC_ROLE       = SysAdmin

 Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
 DOC_TYPE = (Troubleshooting|Training|Installation|HowTo|Planning|Navigation|Knowledge)
   * Local DOC_TYPE       = Installation
  Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = %NO%

 Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_TEST   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local REVIEW_READY   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be tested and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local TEST_READY     = %NO%

 change to %YES% only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release
   * Local RELEASE_READY  = %YES%


 DEAR DOCUMENT REVIEWER
 ======================

 Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local REVIEWER       = FirstName
 Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local REVIEW_PASSED  = %NO%


 DEAR DOCUMENT TESTER
 ====================

 Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local TESTER         = FirstLast
 Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local TEST_PASSED    = %NO%
############################################################################################################
--&gt;
