---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Gabriele, Alain, Mine, Rob Quick, Dan, Brian, Chander

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

---+++ Production - Dan Fraser
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Area_Coordinators_Production_July_25-2012.ppt][Area_Coordinators_Production_July_25-2012.ppt]]: 

---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser
---+++ Operations - Rob Quick

[[OpsACReport][Operations Report]]

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Discuss Production area requests:
   * Due in 4 weeks:
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-23
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-24

   * With complete requirement but uncheanged for 1 month (expect plan)
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-37

   * Accepted but unchanged for 2 months (expect requirements)
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-21
-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 01 Jun 2012


