---+ Operations Meeting July 31, 2006
Attendees: Greg Cross, Doug Olson, Aron (UNM), Parag, Aronovsky, Alain Roy, Burt, Horst, Karthick, Wayne, Steve, Murali, David, Eric (Iowa), Rob Q., John Rosheck, Leigh, Kyle, Tim

   * 12:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesJuly24][previous meeting]]

1. OSG RA Item: A bug was discovered in the cert request script. The name of the person wasn&#39;t being passed to the site, and that data is required. Persons using the scripts should update to the latest versions.
   * The GOC sent email to the Support Centers about this last week.
2. Large resource request for nanoHUB update (ongoing)
   * David Braun is having issues with Condor-G and he is trying to get in touch with Jaime Frey.

3. Reminder: End of life announcement - USCMS VO at Fermilab - Today

---++ Hot Topics for the week

1. Gridscan certificate update.
   * The new DN is /DC=org/DC=doegrids/OU=People/CN=Leigh  Grundhoefer (!GridScan) 274052  The VO membership is MIS.

---+++ OSG VO
   * Site administrators should review VORS and verify that their sites listed support the OSG VO.
   * Ruth has recommended we have a procedure for the OSG VO that if someone does not use the Grid for 3 consecutive months their certificate is revoked from the VOMS server --- they can of course easily be added back in. 
      * This appears to be a request to institute some sort of usage policy. Also, on the issue of revoking a certificate, how can we determine someone&#39;s usage on the grid? And the discussion favors a 12 month usage period instead of three


---++ OSG RA Items

None discussed.

---++ [[http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm][Tickets]]

   * 2269 Fermi/Remedy - 82585 - goc@opensciencegrid.org forwarding
      * The GOC is moving to a new mail server. We are testing now by forwarding email from the existing server to the new mail server. All aliases at Fermilab will need to be directed to the new mail server. So at this time we&#39;re working on defining those aliases. How would we enforce this and is the effort.

---++ Other issues

None discussed.

---++ Agenda and Input to Joint OSG-EGEE Operations meeting


The action list from the Operation Workshop is now linked to the agenda
page:

http://agenda.cern.ch/displayLevel.php?fid=258

Please, let us know if you have any comment.

The actions will be followed at the WLCG/OSG/EGEE weekly operations
meeting and/or the EGEE ROC managers meeting.

1. Creation of a scheduled downtime calendar.

---+++ Support Center Attendance

| *Support Center* | *Attended* |

|  Fermilab  |   %Y%  |
|  USCMS  |    |
|  LIGO  |  %Y%  |
|  GROW  |  %Y%   |
|  UCCI  |    |
|  PROD_SLAC  |    |
|  CSC  |    |
|  OSG-GOC  |  %Y%  |
|  fGOC  |   |
|  VDT  |  %Y%  |
|  DOSAR  |   %Y%  |
|  STAR  |   %Y%   |
|  GADU   |    |
|  SDSS  |    |
|  DZero  |  |
|  TACC  |    |
|  Mariachi  |   |
|  nanoHUB  | %Y%   |
|  GRASE  |    |
|  NWICG  |  %Y%  |



-- Main.TimSilvers - 27 Jul 2006
