---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Jan30][January 30]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * John Urish.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.Brian.Bockelman][Brian Bockelman]]

---++Apologies

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].(Furlough)

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

John: Release v0.32 cutover on 2/1
    Documented here:
      
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/GratiaReleaseV0dot32

    Problems that arose are documented here:
  https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/GratiaReleaseV0dot32#Post_mortem

---++OSG Issues

Brian: Discuss Xin request.  It will likely because a OSG report requirement.

Brian: Opportunistic usage graphs using the upcoming OIM database.   See http://t2.unl.edu:8086/vo_opp2.

---++Collector

Penelope: Started the integration of Margherita&#39;s code with the current gratia-administation pages to support login/logout and displaying menus according to role. Cannot setup the correct environment on my laptop as code requires https connect. -- Need to setup my area on gratia-vm02 as it already has server certificates.

---++Report development

Penelope: Looked at what reports are needed (based on the current requirements) for the March release. Started to working on one of the static reports that Ruth requested. Discussed with Jeff on how to start the report and what queries (stored procedures to use).

Penelope: Fixed the static reports python code for this release - wrong number of leading spaces. 

Penelope: The sparkline 2007 report can not be exported to pdf, ppt, doc, xml. --- I filled a bug report for it on the Birt bugzilla site and followed up with their suggestions with no result. 

Jeff: Working on method to overcome problem where charts have   missing dates in a date sequence on the x-axis. This happens when there is
no data for a date. While a strategy using a date table left-outer joined to the actual data table solves this for simple cases,
this method does not work well for ranked-query charts where the ranking must be considered in the join as well.

Jeff: Tested with success the new dataset join feature in Birt that enables one to create joined datasets for reports using multiple
stores procedures and/or standard Birt datasets.

Jeff: Removed unused stored procedure definitions in create_build-stored-procedure-sql.pl . The updated  script has not been tested yet.

Jeff: I will try to arrange a Computing Status Meeting for CD Psacct Requirement the 2nd week March.

---++Probes

John: Assisted Chris in testing viability of capturing DN/FQAN data in the JobManager  rather than using GRAM Auditing.
   * GRAM2 (pre-ws) always has the proxy available.
   * GRAM4 (ws) only has the certificate proxy when a delegated proxy is used.  If you use globus command line submittals (globusrun-ws), you have to specifically request delegation.
   * CondorG submittal always use delegation.  However, we were 50-50 on getting these to work.  They would work for me, but not Chris.  We still don&#39;t know why.
   * Another factor in use of CondorG is an 80% increase in the number of authorization requests to the GUMS authz service.   For a normal globusrun-ws, there are 5 authorizations.  For CondorG, there are 9.

Steve:  There are some tricky client configurations--I believe the underlying cause of Chris&#39; problems on fnpcsrv1 is that /etc/grid-security/gsi-authz.conf
specifies a prima callout and the java gridftp client used by condor-G looks at that.  Chris has asked us to look at this.

Steve: GUMS is good for the load.  GUMS all you want, we&#39;ll make more.

---++Test Bed

John U.: I am getting back up to speed on the existing infrastructure.

---++DB and Schema issues

Discussion on a schema review.

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
