---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Wed 22 Jan 2008
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Wed 22 Jan 2008 &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Chair: Burt Holzmann, Antonio Retico &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance

---++ Review of Action Items
Comments from the review of tasks
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; ID:xxx - &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ EGEE Items
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; PPS-&gt;ITB testing
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Authentication failures: CIT_ITB_1, Purdue-ITB &lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;globus-url-copy not found: cmssrv09, cms-xen9, UCSDT2-ITB1 ( We&#39;re not sure cmssrv09 and cms-xen9 _should_ be published to PPS )&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;ITB_INSTALL_TEST_2 - globus-user-env.sh not found &lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;FNAL_FERMIGRID_ITB - not matching in glite-job-list-match &lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;No progress yet on SE - Emanouil will follow up on what&#39;s missing in GlueService.  OSG will check from its side as well. &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; SEE VO
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Emanouil sent a mail from Antun with contact information on SEE.&lt;br&gt;
                 We&#39;ll send the registration page and info to Antun and Emanouil.
            &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ OSG Items
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Glue attribute project
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Nick has agreement from Flavia Donno and Laurence Field to help.&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; EGEE + GUMS?
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Nick will ask Antonio if there is a PPS volunteer ready to try a LCG/gLite CE using a GUMS server.&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Platform

---++ AOB

Last edit: %SEARCH{&quot;.*&quot; nosearch=&quot;on&quot; regex=&quot;on&quot; scope=&quot;title&quot; nototal=&quot;no&quot; topic=&quot;%TOPIC%&quot; format=&quot;$wikiusername on $date&quot;}%
