%TOC%

---+ Meeting Information

---++ Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Friday Jan 28, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 02:00 PM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 866-740-1260 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 9030201 |

---++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa

---++ Not Attending

   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.JamesWeichel

---+ Status Reports for week 01/24/2011 -&gt; 01/28/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * move content for navigation from twiki-test to twiki-docteam, inform Rob that twiki-test can be retired
      * continue work on navigation, no CSS changes
      * check where the CE configuration is documented, sent result to Suchandra and Tanya ([[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall#Storage_Information]])
      * contact Jim Weichel and Tim Cartwright to discuss questionnaire ( difficult to develop, perhaps a small usability test with a few users is the better idea )
      * develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco&#39;s hands-on sessions ( see above )
      * work on 2 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - polish up, review, sent results to Horst and Suchandra.
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - address GLOBUS_TCP_PORT_RANGE and link [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] as reference.
      * discuss [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] on osg-sites, ask for support from Samir and Steve
      * find and include [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall]] in doc system
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * create list of 2 new documents to be distributed to the ITB team on Thursday, sent list to Robert
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV]] - to be reviewed by Scott
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations]] - to be reviewed by Horst
      * support work on 7 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] - Jim made changes, Suchandra released document!
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - Suchandra updated table and included documents, sent result to Karthik for review
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - Robert made changes, sent for review to Horst
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Robert add section &#39;Define Globus Port Ranges&#39; and links to former document
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Tony worked on GIP section
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]] - no progress
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]] - no progress
      * SE mount point issue: Suchandra supports Tony, result sent to Tanya for review
      * Suchandra suggests to use batch system specific patches to be used to add HTPC content to the CE documentation, sent to Brian and Dan
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 4 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools]] - Doug and Neha finish modification and testing, ready to be releases as soon as the software moves from ITB to OSG
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - reviewed and tested by Neha and Tanya, release next week
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] no progress - need help to find tester, Marco will test, Suchandra review
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - continue work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM, release next week
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * find good place for HTPC user documentation - done by Suchandra
      * find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco : no progress
      * contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort : no progress
      * ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents : no progress
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]] reviewed, sent results to Terrence
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide]] reviewed, sent results to Terrence
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] reviewed, sent results to Elizabeth
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic, in progress
      * sent list of session topics at AHM to Robert
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian, no progress
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 1 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] Jim implemented reviewer (Steve) comments and released the document!
      * follow document standards on remaining documents : 10 more documents completed, 3 documents left
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team - Kyle requests Operations Meeting to discuss the issue
      * sent list of documents to Robert : no progress
      * name twiki-docteam as test Twiki for Robert, make sure Robert has access to CSS
      * work on 3 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - support reviewer, prepare for release, release by next week (input from Rob required)
         * [[Operations/TicketExpectations]] revise, submit for review, prepare for release, released!
         * [[Operations/TicketProcedures]] Elizabeth started working on document
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Work Plan for week 01/31/2011 -&gt; 02/04/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation and CSS on twiki-docteam
      * develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco&#39;s hands-on sessions
      * contact Jim, Tim and Marco to discuss possibility of simple usability test at AHM 2011       
      * work on 3 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - awaiting review by Horst and release by Suchandra
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - support Samir and Steve
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall]] - review
      * follow up on [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9849][ticket 9849]]
      * follow up on meeting of the operations team, join meeting on Elizabeth&#39;s request
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * support work on 8 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - Suchandra works with Karthik to release document, support Samir and Steve to add content
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - Robert and Horst prepare document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Horst reviews section &#39;Define Globus Port Ranges&#39;
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Suchandra works with Tony and Tanya to finish GIP section
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]] - Suchandra reviews document for following document standards
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]] - Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV]] - to be reviewed by Scott
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations]] - to be reviewed by Horst
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - to be tested by Suchandra, sent results to Tanya
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 3 documents:
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - prepare for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] no progress - Tanya supports Marco (tester) and Suchandra (reviewer) to release document
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - continue work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM, prepare for release
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * standing item: find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
      * standing item: contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort
      * standing item: ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 1 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] test and sent results to Tanya
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic, in progress
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 0 document:
      * follow document standards on remaining 3 documents
      * check section &#39;References&#39; on each document, make sure documents cross reference each other for improved usability
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * attend Operations meeting to discuss documentation
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team, sent list to Robert
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - support reviewer, prepare for release (input from Rob required)
         * [[Operations/TicketProcedures]] - continue work on document, prepare for review
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      * standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Agenda

   * on documentation of hybrid CE/SE setup and mount points in config.ini
   * planning HTPC options to the CE-install and User documents
   * problems logging into the Twiki reported by several users, status of [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9849][ticket 9849]].

-- Main.RobertEngel - 28 Jan 2011
