---++ Re-organization of OSG Council Sub-Committee Meeting

---+++ Teleconfernce Coordinates:

   * *Date:* Tuesday February 3rd, 2009
   * *Time:* 9:00AM Pacific, 11:00M Central, 12:00PM Eastern
   * *Duration:* ~ 1 Hour
   * *Teleconference Number:* 1-800-704-9896
   * *Participant Code:* 77547489#

   * *Attending:* Jerome Lauret, Sebastien Goasguen, Shaowen Wang, Ruth Pordes, Kent Blackburn
 
---+++ Agenda/Minutes:

Discussed the timeline for this subcommittee to respond to the charge. Expect to have a report presented at the next Council Face-to-Face Meeting on Thursday March 5th at the LIGO Livingston Observatory the day after the OSG All Hands Meeting at the same location.

Discussed the findings of the At-Large VO Subcommittee briefly and noted that some of those recommendations are on hold until this subcommittee reaches its conclusions. Shaowen was asked if he felt like he now representing the at-large VOs. He responded that he has spoken to Abhishek regarding his meetings with the At-Large VOs. Kent asked Shaowen to arrange a teleconference with Abhishek, Ruth, Kent and himself to discuss how and if these meetings were capturing the necessary elements to allow him to be comfortable representing at-large VOs on the council and be prepared to report on the progress of at-large VO representation at the Council Face-to-Face Meeting March 5th.

Discussed the finding of the OSG Review and how important it was to begin addressing the issues of continuation of the OSG beyond the current funding cycle and the needs from the council that come with this planning.

Briefly reviewed the current membership of council and identified that US ATLAS and US CMS memberships should be updated. Also noted that it would be good to start the process to bring SBGrid to the Council. Ruth would like to invite them to the council face-to-face meeting. Kent will send an invitation once Ruth provides contact information.

The link on the SC-ROOC page for the Management Plan is out of data. Ruth will contact Marcia to have it point to the current version. Also noted that the Council membership link was broken - this has now been fixed.

Discussed the current state of communications between the Executive Team, the Executive Board and the Council. Jerome noted that the recent events involving the Annual Report demonstrated how communications breakdowns can impact our project. Sebastien noted that looking at the OSG Organizational Chart it is very complex and not transparent from this document how communications work. A suggestion was made to supplement the Org Chart with specific statements about how communications channels are envisioned in conjunction with the Org Chart. This was viewed as  a very good idea. Jerome described an example from another council in which he is involved with, in which the council has a subcommittee that works directly with the executive board. 

Spent some time discussing the councils participation at various levels. To some extent this was characterized as an identity crisis. It was noted that participation in council meetings was low. Discussion of what could be driving this included, everyone is very busy, some council members are more tightly coupled to other areas such as the Executive bodies (Team, Board) and are already in the know on topics presented in council meetings. Also, much of the activities that were driving the council early on, such as development of by-laws, policies, governance for the OSG are now in place and for the most part working. This is leaving few activities and issues to draw together the full council body. It was noted that council members do engage when the topics are areas for which they have interest. A brief discussion took place regarding the frequency of council teleconferences. The views resonated with other discussions on this subject outside of this meeting. Namely that meeting less than once a month would risk losing momentum of the council body to be able to come together and act efficiently when issues arise, but that once a month would not generate sufficient topics to interest the full council.

Returned to the discussion of communications between the Exec Team, Exec Board and the Council. It was recommended that the Exec Team and the Exec Board should &quot;reach out&quot; to the Council to identify key council members to work with these executive bodies on particular activities, issues and task forces, based on the skills, interest and needs found in the council membership. It was also noted that establishing proper communications channels between these areas would facilitate success in identifying and engaging the right council members. This was also viewed as a very useful approach for the future.

Everyone was asked to review the documents linked off of this subcommittee&#39;s webpage and give feedback in emails to the full subcommittee in a weeks time. Kent asked that people provide this feedback no later than Friday February 13th.

We will have a follow-on teleconference the week of the 16th. Kent proposed same time of week so that would make it Tuesday February 17th at 9AM Pacific, 11AM Central, Noon Eastern. If this will not work Kent can set up a Doodle poll for that week.

Kent will work with Ruth and Marcia to get the links on SCROOC page fixed. It was noted that accessing the links required having access privileges to the Document Database. If anyone finds they can not access these, they should contact Marcia.

-- Main.KentBlackburn - 02 Feb 2009
