---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Sep23][September 23]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[mailto:aaron.thor@gmail.com][Aaron Thor]].
   * [[Main.KeithChadwick][Keith Chadwick]].

---++Apologies

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

   * Dan -- hardware migration plan is online (link). Timeline is Oct 27 for Fermi system and about two weeks after that for OSG.
   * Chris -- housekeeping is still ongoing for osg-transfer.
   * Keith has concerns about DB usage. Dan says, &quot;AOL!&quot;

---++OSG/Fermi

   * Brian -- no news of BOINC probe or form John H.
      * I also asked Chris to write up documentation for producing releases of probes. Will be necessary for eg hadoop probe.
      * Bumped release number to 1.04.6; Chris -- should be 1.04.5a.
      * I have a change to Gratia.py to throw an exception on a really bad error instead of calling sys.exit().
      * New storage report. Equivalent to site reports except for storage.

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Fermi/CD

---+Developments

---++DN summarization (John Hover)

   * Not present. Chris will follow up.

---++BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

   * From Brian -- no news to report.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

   * I&#39;ve been working on removing hard-coding of configuration options such as DB details.
   * Added optional Grid filtering to reports. Thanks to Chris for finding an error.
   * Fixed a problem with Sub-VOs for VO discrepancy report.
   * Been asked by Philippe to work on a couple more things related to OIM, including active/inactive periods for VOs.

---++FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

   * Installing Gratia from VDT using pacman. Unsupported architecture problems due to use of Ubuntu. Switch to Debian -- still trouble. Considering reinstalling vanilla RH.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

  * For next week: towards releases of reporting mechanisms for non-OSG collectors.
