+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees: Kyle, Scott, Tim Cartwright, Brian B., Jenny (security), Tim Theisen, Rob Gardner, Ken Herner, Kevin Reitze, Shawn, Frank


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.



---++ Ken Herner - Production Support

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/091416-osg-ac.pdf][091416-osg-ac.pdf]]: Production Support Update Sep 2016


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Ken Herner, prod support report
   * 75M hours opportunistic in last 3 months (for comparison, about 110M in all of 2015 =&gt; good progress!)
   * increased GPU availability hoped form from BNL, and maybe sometime further down the line from Stanford
   * impressive number of new sites “on the bubble”: Stanford, CERN Neutrino Platform, JINR, Utah, Colorado, …

Main Issues Discussed:
   * pull in Edgar to fix Stampede GRAM issues for MINOS, CMS
   * transition Colorado engagement to Rob G.’s group
   * VERITAS operating successfully via OSG-Connect but also has a XSEDE allocation
     =&gt; need to follow up with VERITAS accounting to XSEDE (Rob G. &amp; Mats)

Kevin Reitze, GRACC
   * Making good progress
   * Derek gave show &amp; tell to user support group yesterday
   * present architecture diagram in slides as reference.

Please let Ken, Gabriele, or fkw know if there are any questions.

-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 23 Aug 2016


