---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008May28][May 28]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.KeithChadwick][Keith Chadwick]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

&lt;!-- Full list of participants.

   * Diana Bonham.
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.KeithChadwick][Keith Chadwick]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++v0.34 Release Status.

After several false starts, the gratia backup was restored to gratia07. Problems (similar to those experienced with !PostgresQL) with the SQL backup in that restoration is not done in dependency order. Fixed in 5.1 series but 5.1 is not in production yet.

During replication from gratia06 to gratia07 to catch up, missing records and inconsistent md5 checksums were were noticed. Initial indications are that the missing records are due to an inability of the 0.32 replicating system to deal with bad response from the replicatee which is already rectified in 0.34. Inconsistent checksums are urrently being investigated.

---++OSG Issues

Brian is looking forward to deployment of 0.34. Also wants to install collector at Nebraska. Instructions on TWiki at [[GratiaVdtInstallingServices]].

Arvind asked about applicability of recent collector updates to !MetricRecords.

---++DB Issues.

   Dan: why package !MySQL through UPS?
   Diana: to keep support down back when everyone was installing different versions of !Mysql, having various problems and there was only one !MySQL expert in the DB group. Could revisit at some point.

   Chris: still need to test rebuild of 5.0.51 to see if slow updating persists.
   Chris: binary logging will be deactivated. Testing on gratia07 but suspended pending other fires.

---++Any Other Business

   * Penelope
      * Fixed reports for BIRT exporting.
      * Working on new user interface, waiting on Chris for comments on mock-up.
      * Discrepancies in reporting spotted by John W. explainable as formatting.
      * Jeff will be back tomorrow. Want to discuss consolidating stored procedures and rationalizing parameter passing.

   * John W.
      * Static report crons for local collectors need configuring properly. Chris -- I will look.
      * Conference call with Rob G, Arvind, Karthik, Brian on WLCG. OIM is replacing VORS, and some flexibility exists for meeting WLCG needs for virtual resources, etc.

   * Chris.
      * Probe and auto-yum problems.
      * Probes to VDT (v0.34.8-2).

---++To be discussed later.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 04 Jun 2008
