%TOC%

   The meeting of the Operations group will be held today, 
   Wednesday at 1:30pm Chicago time.

Call: 510-665-5437
Meeting ID: 786996

   Attendees: RobQ, Steve, Leigh, DougO, Lisa, Fred

---++ Current OSG Trouble Ticket Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

   * 123 User in 2 VOs USCMS Fermi has sent mail to Craig for action
   * 157 What is the policy for a site being Red/Grey? This should go to the Policy TG. What should the agreement be between a RP and the OSG. This should also be discussed in the Support Centers Group. 
   * 158, 159 Need to be moved to iVDGL footprints queue

---++ Current USCMS Trouble Ticket Review

   * 61626 Scheduled maintenance at CalTech
   * USCMS Grid Exerciser not running on Purdue (Resolved FP #81)
   * 61457 Try to figure out a way to get enough space for $APP, $DATA, and $SHARED_TMP. Set up special areas for applications that allow different quotas. How do they publish this other area which will be static, used for large VOs? The admin area would be defined in the policy doc. Should cron jobs clean up this area. Possible solutions were suggested by Leigh. Automated clean up of $SHARED_TMP will be done.

---++ Updates from other support centers

   * ATLAS is setting up webpage for the ATLAS Support Center

---++ Others topics from the group 

   * Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA inconsistancy on VOs in production Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA
   * Doug is working on a date for the OSG/EEGE Joint Operation Meeting
   * Where does OSG Communtiy Support happen, now at the osg-general@opensciencegrid.org?
   * Lisa will send mail for changes for contact that might current go to Vijay, they should now go to USCMS Support Center.

-- Main.RobQ - 29 Jun 2005
