<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> 20070510ETAgendaMinutes &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/20070510ETAgendaMinutes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit 20070510ETAgendaMinutes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/20070510ETAgendaMinutes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> OSG Executive Team Meeting, May 3rd , 2007
<p />
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Agenda"> Agenda</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Applications_Extensions"> Applications / Extensions</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Facility"> Facility</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Software"> Software</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#EOT"> EOT</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Executive_Director"> Executive Director</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Resources_Managers"> Resources Managers</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<p />
Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437
<h1><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </h1>
Attending: Miron, Kent, Alain, Torre, Mike, Chander, fkw (chairing)<br>
Apologies: 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Applications_Extensions"></a> Applications / Extensions </span></h2> <ul>
<li> What do we do about Charmm - Torre, Frank <ul>
<li> met with Tim Miller in the usergroup meeting this morning. Concluded that he needs to "pump up the volume",        i.e. increase the submit rate for pilots. Afterwards, Torre taught him how to do this in PANDA, and we'll see        next week how he's doing.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Had first weekly  usergroup meeting for 2 hours this morning. Was very productive. Among the agenda items <ul>
<li> charmm
</li> <li> the campaign
</li> <li> user satisfaction survey
</li> <li> July user group meeting planning
</li> <li> discussion of what we want to achieve with these meetings, etc.. There'll be meeting minutes on the twiki once we         figured out where exactly to put them.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Facility"></a> Facility </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Any issues from the Campaign? <ul>
<li> no issues.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> How is Rosetta doing?  <ul>
<li> seems to be the same story as with CHARMM, i.e. they need to pump up the volume.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> After the meeting we got the following email from Mats Rynge (Engagement):
</li></ul> 
<pre>
"We limit the number of jobs to each site on purpose. The limit is set by
me and is adjusted according to how "trusted" the site is. If it is a
new site, we only send a couple of jobs there to make sure everything is
ok. UCSDT2 currently has a limit of 70, so when you say 72, that sounds
right. The idea is to keep on increasing the limits as we go.

The problem which started this discussion was that only a few sites
supported us. The low number of jobslots was just a result of the low
number of sites. This problem has mostly been resolved, and I'm
wondering if the problem is still bouncing around out there in OSG
space. I will gladly attend the meeting so we can clear some of these
issues out."
</pre> <ul>
<li> This seems to indicate that the issue of Trash/Engagement not getting sufficient access to CPU is resolved.      To be sure, we will verify this again at next weeks user group meeting. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Software"></a> Software </span></h2> <ul>
<li> How far have we gotten after 1 month since the VDT spreadsheet was made? 
</li></ul> 
Progress has been slower than I would like. I've been talking it over with the VDT team to understand why. A few things slowed us down in the last few weeks.
<pre>
1) The new person on the VDT team has completely replaced the person we previously had, 
but he's still getting up to speed. He's donig well, but tasks are slower for him.
2) Condor Week slowed us down a bit.
3) We've done a lot of support of VDT 1.6.1. Since April 1, 2007, 
we've released 5 updates to VDT 1.6.1. 
Two of them addressed security concerns. Others were mostly smaller bug fixes, 
but they take time to fix, test, and rollout.
4) We've finally made progress on supporting AIX, but there is no interesting milestone yet to report. 
We've gotten the most basic of installations to work on AIX, but they don't yet provide interesting functionality.
5) We've added VOMRS to the VDT (1.6.1 and 1.7.0). This was slightly more work than expected, 
but it was also spread out over a fairly long time.
6) Software builds for VDT 1.7.0 took a long time: there was a lot of software to rebuild 
to support our new platforms (RedHat Enterprise Linux 5, AIX, Mac OS X). They're not hard, 
but they require a fair amount of attention.
7) We've upgraded to a new version of VOMS to get 64-bit support, but it still doesn't work.
8) Syslog-NG is in progress, and will almost certainly be in VDT 1.7.0.
9) We've proposed a method to update CA Certificates automatically into the VDT, 
and have had a large amount of community response. It will take longer than expected 
to sort out the right approach.
10) We've supplied EGEE with new Globus RPMs for a critical bug fix.
11) We've done a fair amount of support (such as questions to vdt-support.)
</pre>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="EOT"></a> EOT </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Next Grid School is June 8-10 at UTB. What is needed? <ul>
<li> In general, nothing that we don't have, except maybe: <ul>
<li> somebody to take a look on the "intro to OSG" lecture.
</li> <li> ask engagement folks to take a look at "running on OSG" lecture.
</li> <li> maybe somebody from condor to come? Maybe not necessary this time.
</li> <li> could use one additional "lab assistant"
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> making progress on hiring. Got the applications in. Hoping to have somebody hired by end of summer.
</li> <li> International Grid School in Sweden <ul>
<li> underwhelming interest so far. Working on broadening the canvassing.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Executive_Director"></a> Executive Director </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Will attend <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20070510ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> input meeting.
</li></ul> 
<p />
" workshop at the <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20070510ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> ?07 Conference in Madison, Wisconsin. This invitational workshop will be held on Thursday, June 7, from 12:30 p.m. until early evening. The purpose is to solicit information about the needs of projects such as OSG that will be used to help guide future plans for the <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20070510ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>. Individuals working on initiatives that provide linkages to <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20070510ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> resources and services are important users of <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20070510ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>.
This workshop is the first in a series of activities associated with a planning process being supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF). The planning process will be led by a Steering Committee comprised of individuals from key stakeholder communities and facilitated by the University of Michigan's School of Information (UM-SI). The workshop will be conducted by Ann Zimmerman and Katherine Lawrence of the UM-SI. Please see the end of this message for further information about the planning process."
<p /> <ul>
<li> Should we have a story for the ASCR Town meetings? 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Software support for the EGEE in support of the WLCG.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Resources_Managers"></a> Resources Managers </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Discussion and Agreement on Year2 High Level Planning Process <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/20070510ETAgendaMinutes/OSG_year2_Project_Planning.ppt" target="_top">OSG_year2_Project_Planning.ppt</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p /> <ul>
<li> Review and Approval of OSG Change Request 06 (from Don Petravick) <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/20070510ETAgendaMinutes/OSG_Change_Request_06-050907.doc" target="_top">OSG_Change_Request_06-050907.doc</a> <ul>
<li> this change request was approved.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> - 09 May 2007</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>20070510ETAgendaMinutes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r7 - 06 May 2016 - 19:24:13 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />