---++ OSG Council Face-to-Face meeting
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Friday, March 23rd, 2012
   * Time: 8.30 AM - Noon  Central  
   * Place: Holiday Inn Lincoln-Downtown, Lincoln, NE

   * Attending: Rob Quick, David Swanson, Richard Mount, Tom Hacker, Dan Fraser, Ken Bloom; Miron Livny, Lothar Bauerdick, Vicky White, Paul Avery, Brad Abbot, Horst Severini, Piotr Sliz, Chander Seghal, Michael Ernst

   * Regrets: Bob Clare, Jerome Lauret, Steve Tuecke, Patrick Brady, Rick Snider

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Council Chair Election- Paul
   *  Discussed yesterday (See [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/March-22-2012][March 22 minutes]]).

---+++ Follow up on Globus Sustainability- Paul
   *  Discussed yesterday (See [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/March-22-2012][March 22 minutes]]).
   *  Wait until Ruth gets back for further discussion.

---+++ iSFTW freeze/unfreeze, OSG Communications- Paul
%BLUE% *minutes*

   *  Proposal in progress for a position at Indiana, Bill Barnett (PI) will submit . 
   *  Magnitude- 1 FTE for 5 years, through Physics Grid computing slot on NSF fast lane. Go through MPS, OCI funding- Marv is a decision maker.
   *  Sending out for reviews---- no other source of funding, no other choice.
   *  Craig Stewart wants to talk to Ruth re: outstanding questions
   *  Bill moving along on it. Rob will put work in---pending Craig/Ruth joint phone call next week.
%ENDCOLOR%


---+++ OSG Certificate Authority update – Chander
Background: ASCR declared the Certificate Authority research project a success and will no longer fund/ no additional funding available.  Users to fund? eSNET moving out of it—(Transfer two FTEs?) OSG has to develop a plan to provide a certificate mechanism/authority for users. Predominance of DOE cert’s were for OSG users. Von Welch chartered by OSG exec team partnered with Jim Basney (OSG security officer) to help in researching.

%BLUE% *minutes*

   *  Developing a detailed project plan by end of April. Skeletal planning assumes issuing cert by new system by the end of this calendar year- cert. development to undertake switchover- stop issuing new certs from DOE grids- end of this calendar year. 
   *  Recommendation to use a commercial facility by DigiCert 
   *  90 day pilot (late Oct. /Nov.) to determine technical feasibility. Report (end of Jan.) shared with eSNET team and DOE (Vince).
   *  Agreement with DigiCert?  (i.e. 170 K for 2 years to get 1K certs a year?)

ASCR- willing to help with transition 

1. Promise not to cut off service tomorrow

2. Providing money for transition work needed on OSG side. (Temporary until OSG takes over responsibility)  

   *  Looked at possibility of collaboration with XSEDE (who has CA issues) (Parties don’t have money- SBIR?)
   *  Install our own CA or work with ExTENCI (working on a CA solution.)? 
   *  OSG would have to cut somewhere else to absorb cost of running a Certificate Authority.
   *  Lali recommended bringing up CMS and Atlas operational review—they get operation money 

Impact?
   *  170K – 2 yrs. Just for the certificate. (from Pilot- discussion)
   *  Will have to get a new cert- according to ROM, will have DM change, will be non-disruptive- up to plan correctly, some people won’t plan, get a new cert. and won’t be able to do the same things. 
   *  People will be getting a new cert. Must be validated by VO representatives- new wave of new cert. Will have different DMs- depending on CA author.
   *  80% of DOE certs are OSG, 20%

Questions
   *  Currently a free service will need to be a paid service? 
   *  Should we send OSG users directly to DigiCert or create front end and have DigiCert in the back?
   *  Is there a way to reduce the number of cert’s we issue? 
   *  Have Irwin provide input on blueprint?
   *  Talk to Brian B. for a recommendation for sustained intellectual host power?

Considerations
   *  Start w/ principals not the technology- what are we trying to do? Balance usability with risk? What principals are immutable, then look for technology (risk/cost benefit)
   *  Proposal for a security institute that Von submitted- go to them and ask them to help us to do this? Project to help projects do security better. 
   *  Rob- not a lightweight service to run. Needs sustained, ongoing effort to keep in operations. Can’t be easily absorbed, even at front end level, all mechanisms to get to signing, and to get to user –needs sustained ongoing effort. Register with new cert w/ VOMs servers-Horst
   *  200K per year- ½ of what spend at ESNET- Chandar- assumes CA base we have today roughly 8K certs. Individual. Certs, vetting process that costs effort per year. Go to LHC stakeholders, use CERN&#39;s grid authority- go somewhere else if they wanted to- investigate---Check US CMS stakeholder- main issue is host certs.
   *  Choose to accept or not accept.
   *  Looking at alternative forms of credentials- have to do due diligence on risk assessment. Every piece of structure is looking at DMs—what is a plan B/ Issue is possible loss of trust in certs.
   *  Everything depends on VOMs. If eSNET or Internet II is down.
   *  Have to interoperate with other grids.

Suggestions

1. Work under the core program and volunteer work by collaboration. Members- have blueprint. Create a program of work for all related effort.

2. Think of submitting a proposal.

3. Council should have a sub group that writes a position paper on where we are at with identity management or what we are hoping to do.

4. Look at how to minimize costs

%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Action:Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment of risk and plan (Lothar)
---++++Action:Create a plan on what to do if we need to switch a cert authority (Security Team)
---++++Action:Attach Von’s assessment to meeting minutes (Chander)
---++++Action:Mine approaching stakeholders like US atlas to discuss transition process.
---++++Action:Review of risk assessment (Executive Team)
---++++Action:Make a risk assessment regarding CA’s disappearing (Michael and Lothar and Executive team) 
---++++Action:Add as standing agenda item. (Rick/Paul)
%ENDCOLOR%


---+++ Update on Satellites (existing, new, potential) - all 

%BLUE% *minutes*

   * Series of satellites listed- each has a different lifecycle 
   * Fading out: Engage.
   * Proposed new satellite: Summer School 
   * New satellite? OSG PKI project- hoping to get another funding source - not clear how will play out (Putting CA in place- not sure how funded)
   * Pending satellite: Software institute conceptualization (small conceptualization effort). 

Questions:
   * Security center: Von and Jim Basney are part of our eco system- can we list as a satellite?
   * What is endgame for satellites. Surfaced by CIT discussion. Do we need an endgame process, created artifacts are preserved and taken over by OSG?

%ENDCOLOR%


---++++Action: Guidance from Council- what should we do different for satellites?


---+++ Round table- all

%BLUE% *minutes*

   * XSEDE is not a VO, it’s a group under OSG VO
   * Issue is new VO takes a while to be recognized by all the sites- faster to use existing VO.

%ENDCOLOR%


---+++ ASCR Financial Assistance Funding Opportunity
Background: Frank W. sent email to Rich Carlson with “Other Science” slides presented at AHM. Rich response: what new research/development activities are required to grow OSG, what R&amp;D needs to happen now to still provide to these communities in 2022? OSG Council needs to respond to Rich and to ASCR funding opportunity posted on DOE site by articulating OSG research agenda -specifically, what proposals would help OSG to grow and sustain these activities.

%BLUE% *minutes*


Steps to move forward: 4-week timeline (April 27) 

1. Create an over-arching OSG research agenda. (Strategic responsibility of OSG)

2. Create response to Rich Carlson’s email/ commitment letter. 

3. Create a proposal
   * Project can’t write the proposal. PIs will write proposal. (Restrictions from being PI on more than one proposal?)
   * Prioritize/ Identify proposals to submit
   * Outline data in the future- focus on generalized support for data activities currently owned by experiments with strong OSG flavor.

Suggestions:
   * Look at ASCR solicitation. Address each of the four points.
   * Avoid feeding frenzy of small little proposals for individual institutions. 
   * Let computer science go after ASCR’s money.
   * Ask for twice as much as you think they’ll give you.
   * OSG cannot submit proposals
   * Prepare a white paper?
   * Include list of PI’s at institutes in letter that will respond with a proposal.
   * Run a workshop in a week- result is the proposal?
   * Executive team to write 1 page description of research agenda.
   * Computer science part of OSG (Miron, Ian etc.) get together and write proposal that addresses some of these points, ED- provides guidance?
   * FNAL will have people participate but not expect to get $$ (as citizens of OSG).
   * Miron committed to helping with proposal framework.
   * BES- Basic Energy Sources- biggest budget in office of science. Have ASCR and BES talking to each other.
   * Campuses- labs pay consortium fee, on campus side, engage # of campuses on consortium model- have consulting on top of what was done internally—provides additionally value of what OSG does- support operations. *** Huge opportunity for aggregated opportunity with big data center in Mass- funneled mostly to Harvard. OSG come in early on, presented as an integrator.
   * As SLAC- lab mgmt. didn’t want to just be  a source of photons- aggressively hide from world, get DOE funds- DOE fund theory- symbiotic with experiment activity plus light source itself- not mandate w/in money—leading ---all DOE/BES enterprise.
   * Strength is our presence on campuses- what can we do to support this change in the modality of the light sources- identifying connection to the campuses—see it at SLAC at BNL, SBgrid -LHC multi-tier computing model is an example of how you take a light source and deal with whole ecosystem.
   * Approach partners at Argonne who don’t know OSG / only use their local. OSG isn’t just about computing—provide temporary storage, aggregating our storage system. 

 Research topic?

   * Resource provisioning and provisioning storage
   * Focus on dynamic overlay provisioning piece as a unifying theme (dynamic provisioning where Cloud is going) 
   * Irod/iplant- activity not visible to DOE community—OSG bringing in irod to try it out. (Biologists)
   * 100 gigabit upgrades to networks. OSG has a satellite focused on network. Hard to get 100 gig research agenda in.
   * Slicing capability- talking to BBF. OSG viewed as real customer of infrastructure—a bit with 100 gigabit with DOE.
   * Application for FTS
   * LHC or Cosmic Frontier
   * BRFES
   * Light source- concern with long-term data archiving and data flows

Computing and overlay model

   * Push for Council to give endorsement for leadership of this effort from OSG Computer Science community (partnership between institutions, computer scientists, scientists. Write something aligned with 

OSG research agenda for distributed computing/collaboration for science. 

   * BNL- OSG on rise—big effort at lab to come up with coherent computing strategy- so far operating in small pockets. 
   * SLAC particle physics program- doesn’t use it.
   * LSST -Ian Shipsey pushing this. 
   * Berkley- off map.

Prerequisites:

   * Articulate research agenda we agree on. 
   * Council supports way going forward 
   * Get a group of people engaged. 

Good proposal examples:

   * Triple A grant from NSF 
   * CI TIM proposal
   * ATLAS distributed data management
   * Real deployments, unique environment

%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Motions:  

1. Council to provide support for a unified and coherent proposal in response to solicitation. 

   * Motion carried unanimously by all present &amp; on the phone.

2. Ask Executive team to take first steps to identify a research agenda (drawing help from wherever needed)

   * Motion carried unanimously by all present &amp; on the phone.

3. Council will support this proposal for the further sustaining of OSG until 2020.

   * Motion carried unanimously by all present &amp; on the phone. 


---++++Action: Richard Mount will share what he knows about various project proposals and create a small document identifying areas of research.


---+++ ACTION ITEMS
1. Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment of risk and plan for OSG Cerfiticate Authority (Lothar)

2. Create a plan on what to do if we need to switch a cert authority. (Security Team)

3. Approach stakeholders like US atlas to discuss OSG Cert. Authority transition process.(Mine)

4. Make a risk assessment regarding CA’s disappearing and Executive Team to review. (Michael and Lothar and Executive team) 

5. Guidance from Council- what should we do different for satellites? (All)

6. Richard to share what he knows about various project proposals and create a small document identifying areas of research. (Richard)


	





-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 03 Apr 2012
