---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

%TOC%

---+++ Logistics

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/WebHome#Logistics][Logistics details]] 


---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: Brad Abbott, Bill Barnett, Lothar Bauerdick, Ken Bloom, Bob Clare, Steve Johnson (presenter), Ruth Pordes, Chander Sehgal, Rick Snider,  David Swanson    
   * Regrets-notification given: Horst Severini, Michael Ernst, Tom Hacker, Piotr Sliz
   * Regrets: Miron Livny, Steve Tuecke,  Amber Boehnlein, Vicky White, Jerome Lauret, Paul Avery, Greg Bell

---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/October-9-2012][October Teleconference]]

---+++ Resulting (new/updated) Action Items:  
   * Revisit Campus Grids as a topic for next Council Meeting. (Dan Fraser can take questions)- Council
   * Report from attendees on CIC meeting at next Council Meeting.- Council
   * Send email to Council requesting acceptance of Charter for OSG Sustainability subcommittee.- Council Chair- Ruth
   * Follow up on user support lead for SURAgrid for Guy Almes and Steve Johnson.- Chander

---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  Ruth Pordes
      * Status of [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]]  - Ruth 
         *  58. Spoke to Josh Freeman spokesperson of DES about the OSG structure. He will be talking with experiment members, NSF and DOE. The plan is to come back for a possible meeting around the time of the All Hands Meeting. (Item Closed)
         *  New editor for iSGTW appointed at IU:  Amber Leigh Harmon. She will meet European editors at SC12 and attend an Advisory Board meeting 11/14.
   * Executive Director - Report  - Lothar Bauerdick
      * 83. Executive Director to report on OSG opportunistic use at November 13th Council meeting. (Item Closed)
         *  SBgrid was not getting as much work done as expected and a suspicion was that GLOW didn’t provide as many resources as expected. Chander monitored SBgrid front end on a daily basis for 4 weeks. Jobs were queuing up, peaks approaching 2K cores, no long tails on batch jobs waiting for work- From OSG point of view, no identifiable problem with SBgrid. Suggest investigating if this could be a local problem.
      * GLOW monitoring and steering opportunistic work. No resolution to date. Defining a joint project with XSEDE for user accounting for applications not getting the throughput as expected, to debug situation, understand what’s going on- long term. No timeline yet defined for this project – this will be established.
      * Other opportunistic use noted: LHC experiments- set of big VOs wanting work done opportunistically.
      * Campus Infrastructure Program - Lothar/ Dan Fraser
     [[%ATTACHURL%/Campus_Grid_Program.pdf][OSG Campus Infrastructures presentation]]
         *  Campus Infrastructure Report was only available one day before the Council meeting and the information was not distributed. Given the amount of information being presented, this was unfortunate.

---+++  Special orders --- Important business previously designated for consideration at this meeting.
   * Virtual Organization Reports to the Council 
      * VO of the month: SURAgrid - Steve Johnson 
      [[%ATTACHURL%/SG_OSG-20121113.pdf][SURAgrid presentation]] 
         *  In terms of GlideinWMS and concern people have with running it – Guy Almes and Steve Johnson identify issues.
         *  Support for R, other communities, Steve is in contact with those groups. R deployment came up in the past month- it’s just a rollout right now, would like to roll up to next production level. We can put you in contact with Campus Grids to have more interaction with them. Steve would like to go out to site administrators and say hi, identify concerns with time involved to deploy stack to your cluster and configure… Steve hopes for some time paid for by whatever grants can do this for assistance with application support. If sites are members of Campus Champions, they have accepted some LOE for this- work through Campus Champions to work on OSG side of things (XSEDE). Steve mentioned funding would come up in one of his future meetings.


---+++ Committee reports.
   * Approval of Charter for OSG Sustainability after 5 years subcommittee: The Sustainability sub-committee of the Open Science Grid Consortium Council will consider the makeup, needs and approaches of the Consortium in 2015 and beyond and recommend a path to successful implementation of any changes required. The sub-committee will:
      * Describe the anticipated needs based on the expected evolution in the nature and type of the Consortium members, e.g. increased presence of individual researchers on the campus, as well as existing participants needs.
      * Recommend needed changes in the operational and business models to address the changes, including the accelerating rate of changes, in the environment and technology.
      * Identify how one might depend on other organizations than the OSG  if they are determined to more effectively provide to the needs.
      *  Cover particular topics such as managing change and sustainability in software, production, resource management in more depth.


   * Status of other sub-committees 
      * OSG Council structure, representation, adoption of SAG activities - [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/SC-STRUC/Parse_of_OSG_Governance_Documents.xlsx][Analysis of existing governance documents]] has been done and inconsistencies been noted. Next step to propose changes to simplify, clarify and ensure consistency. (Hoping to finish in the next month and then brief Lothar and ET and have closure by March)
      * OSG and Industry - The [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/SC-IND][charge for this sub-committee]] was passed with 8 Yes (of which 2 had comments which the sub-committee will follow up on) and 8 non-response; there are 2 unfilled positions. The OSG Charter says  1/5 of the membership of the Council constitutes a quorum. 


---+++   Unfinished business.
---+++   New business.
---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: December 11, 2012 (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=5927][Campus Infrastructure Community meeting]]: November 13-14, 2012
   * Annual OSG All Hands meeting: March 11-13, Indiana University

---+++   Standing Items of the OSG Project
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-XSEDE_Usage_History.pdf][OSG-XSEDE Usage History]]

---+++ Adjournment.


-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 15 Nov 2012 




