---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Tuesday July 12, 2011
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Acceptance of last months minutes from [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Junel-14-2011][June 14 Teleconference]] 

   * Attending: Brad Abbott, Paul Avery, Lothar Bauerdick, Miriam Boon, Bob Clare, Bill Johnston, Richard Mount, Jen Nahn (minutes), Ruth Pordes, Chander Seghal, Rick Snider, David Swanson, Steve Tuecke
   * Regrets:  Tom Hacker, Michael Ernst

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Collaboratories workshop report - Richard Mount

%BLUE% *minutes:*
A month or so back, Richard was contacted by Rich Carlson – to co-chair a workshop sponsored by ASCR on the future of the collaboratories program. Understand where program should go. Wider benefit, etc.  The workshop is 6-7 December in MD.  David Skinner (LBL) is co-chair.  Workshop cosponsored by Thomas N’dousse. Finishing draft charge:  Produce community-driven report to Office of Science for next ten years. Scientific organizing committee is a key step.

Questions:  Bill:  Getting permission from Dante network project to share a document – coherent program to support collaborative science w/in European states, would be useful input to this process.  RM: Yes, very valuable input. The scale of the European activities is amazing. 
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Action:  

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * Executive Director report = [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/July-12-2011/ED_to_Council_Jul_2011.pptx]]
   * Status of draft of Strategic Plan - [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/July-12-2011/Strategic_Plan.docx]]

%BLUE% *minutes*
Slides (see slides)

Summer school was a great success. Broad diversity of students from institutions who are already collaborating on OSG, as well as others.  Students better prepared than previous year. RP thinks the whole concept is growing, and those recommended to come are real potential users with local mentors who are engaged.

Strategic Plan – early draft form is posted. Do people want to read and get back for a separate meeting? Staff retreat in Madison late July.  Expect significant updates after that – then discuss it at August meeting.  Seems OK.

%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Action:  Council members read the Plan, come to August meeting with feedback.

---+++ Status of OSG proposal resubmit - Chander

%BLUE% *minutes*
Asked by HEP program manager to resubmit proposal to DOE and again back to NSF.  The changed elements were to specifically target programs/initiatives DOE is likely to support, rather than heavily NSF focused. July 15 deadline.  Intent is, to the extent possible, we’re working to keep budget support identical to NSF submission from March. Revise the text, and submit this Friday and turn around and submit same proposal into NSF Fastlane system for review jointly.
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ DREAM VO
   * Recommend we approve it.
---++++Action:  Email Rob saying council accepts it.  [COMPLETED - Paul]

---+++ Announcements

   *  Reminder that there will not be a teleconference in August, due to the Face-to-Face Aug 2-3. 

%BLUE% *minutes*
   * Face to Face – start midday Aug 2, end midday Aug 3.
   * Will be taking ideas for agenda items.  
   * RP: Needs for continued BestMan support (Michael, Lothar).  Should it be on for August?  It’s thru March 2012.  
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Request for Letter of Commitment

   * GT17 – Scaling Globus Toolkit to meet the needs of 2017 research - Ruth, Steve Tuecke

%BLUE% *minutes*
Five year proposal to support evolution of Globus ToolKit.  Support all driven by OSG needs.  All the customers for this project.  Phedex applied for, and MPS is granting, a one year extension.  Don’t have a lot of new requirements from OSG stakeholders at this point, so will leave the door open for that, saying we have ongoing interaction and are happy to be part of the GT17 team/process.  Would also like to make statement about national cyberinfrastructure and goals going forward.  SciDAC 3 and ASCR, common middleware providers.  
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Action:  Ruth – in progress, will do this by COB today

---+++ Communications and OSG Newsletter Surveys - Miriam Boon

   * As of July 13, I will be coming on board to work directly on OSG communications 50% of my time. One of the activities I will be spending more time on is the OSG Newsletter. I want to make sure that the newsletter is meeting the needs of the OSG staff and program, with the eventual goal of a well-considered re-design. 

   * Ruth Pordes and I agree that the newsletter should have a casual, approachable, and friendly style. At first glance, its purpose is to keep people up to date, and to communicate and disseminate what has happened and what is happening with the OSG Consortium and project. But there are also several other possible goals that we should explore before moving forward with the re-design. 

   * Towards that end, we are conducted a very brief survey, which addresses those and other questions about the purpose of the newsletter. It should only take a few moments of your time, but your answers will help us to make some important decisions. Please take a moment to fill it out by clicking on this link:
https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/OSGNewsletterPurpose

   * In addition to the smaller survey linked above, we’re conducting a reader survey for all of our readers to fill out. If you have not already filled that out, I’d ask that you take the time to fill it out as well, and forward it to your colleagues who interact with OSG. You can do so at this link: 
https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/OSGNewsletterReaderSurvey 

%BLUE% *minutes*
One of the first things to look at while MB has more time to work on OSG, is the newsletter.  Created reader survey, plus supplemental survey for stakeholders with additional three questions.  We ask that Council fill both of these out.  Ruth mentions several people have said it’s useful, contains different content than iSGTW, and we can leverage this balance.  In addition to writing OSG articles for iSGTW – two for the price of one.  MB:  Certainly she hopes newsletter won’t take up too much time after a while, so she hopes to be able to spend time on other aspects of OSG communications.

Miriam is interested in direct contacts to people who have research stories to tell.

%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Action:  Each council member please complete the two surveys.

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * 

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues
 
%BLUE% *minutes*
D0 is going great.
CDF nothing special, getting ready for end of run.
CMS Going great, but nothing special to report. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.JenniferNahn - 18 Jul 2011
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/GT17request.pdf][GT17request.pdf]]: Request for Letter of Commitment on GT17

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Strategic_Plan.docx][Strategic_Plan.docx]]: Strategic_Plan.docx

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/ED_to_Council_Jul_2011.pptx][ED_to_Council_Jul_2011.pptx]]: ED_to_Council_Jul_2011.pptx

