%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda &amp; Minutes December 20, 2005
   * 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Fred, Rob, Burt, Doug, Lisa, Stan, Leigh, Craig, Tim, Marty
---++Previous Meeting notes
Operations.MinutesDecember13

Leigh looking into plan document and issues about support centers procedures and processes (agreements)

---++Operations Activity Issues
---+++ Updated VO Registration SOP

[[Operations.SOPVoRegistration-v3][V3]] - needs comment &amp; approval - approved

---+++ Ticket Exchange with GGUS?
Rob Q. will work on it, some news to follow

IU having power outate on Jan. 2 so all IU servers will be down. TWiki, ML archive, ...
---++Community Support Activity Issues
IU Knowledgebase people agreed to extend trial to Jan. 31.  Need to come to decision somehow, on direction, etc.
Cover in Gainesville in ops/support parallel session.  Need remote access for Burt.
---++Other topics
---+++New Registration for DZero Support Center
   * Operations Contact - Joel Snow at FNAL
Welcome to DZero!

---+++New Registration for the TACC Support Center
   * Operations Contact - Jason Temple at UT Austin
Welcome to TACC!

---+++Security Response Plan
   * Mailing Lists (Encryption for Lists) 
Have been having some meetings to discuss getting the incident response &amp; discuss mail lists working.
In confirming security contacts we got 80+% responses right away (very good!) and more today.
Will plan some type of test of un-encrypipted mode before moving to encrypted mode. Now time for TG-Security to plan the test. Fred L. will post a note to tg-security on it.

People are welcome to comment to Fred on how to set up the test.

---+++Open Tickets by Responsible Support Center
   * http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/VOSupportCentersFP.html
Looks very useful. Can be integrated into Monday meeting. Rob will see about combining with existing Monday report.
Look at keeping report as part of minutes.

Also, issue about how to get support centers to encourage sites to support a new VO,
if allowed by their policies.

Ideas:
   * populate the VO /site matrix (site verify?)
   * what to do about red sites
   * how to get sites to apply VO update
   * dealing with assigned tickets
   * meeting attendance

-- Main.RobQ - 14 Dec 2005
