---+ Operations Meeting June 22, 2009

   * 13:00 Eastern 
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999 

Attending: Jon Bednasz, Steve Timm, Peter Doherty, Kyle, Brian, Soichi, Doug Olson, Fred, Robert Rusinko, Arvind, Elizabeth, Levinth, Burt, Horst and Karthik, Sam Hoover, Tom Lee.

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Operations/Minutes2009June15][previous meeting]]


---++ Hot Topics for the week
   * ReSS Restart.  Many resources not reporting.  Please restart Tomcat.
     check at http://osg-ress-1.fnal.gov:8080/ReSS/ReSS-prd-History.html

   * Security notifications are now handled through GOC tickets instead of through the TWiki. Security contacts in OIM should now be able to see notifications via the ticket viewer at https://ticket.grid.iu.edu

---++ OSG RA Items &amp; CA Questions 

   * Horst needs his RA renewal processed. Doug will look into this.

---++ Pending Registrations

   * Brian requests the two nebraska resources be retested and activated.

---+++ Resource Registration

| Name | Support Center | !ResURL | Site_Verify Status | Other Info | Ticket |

---+++ Resources Removed from OSG

---++ GOC Tickets


---+++ Relevant URLs
   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/opentickets][Open GOC Tickets]] | [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/reports/ticketreports.html][OSG Operations Metrics]] 

---+++ Tickets to discuss on call:

| Ticket # | Support Center | Action/Summary | Last Action Date | GOCAssignee | Notes |



---++ WLCG/OSG/EGEE Issues


---++ Open Discussion of the Operations Group Developments &amp; Plan


-- Main.KyleGross - 22 Jun 2009

