---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
RobG, Chander, Brian, Clemmie, RobQ, Mine, TimT, TimC

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

   * Concern over newsletter changes.
      * Adding in osg-council and osg-sites to distribution.
   * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Upcoming Newsletter Articles]]
      1 OSG user school (Tim Cartwright)
      2 Senegal Grid School (Rob Quick)
      3 OSG Review (Lothar Bauerdick)
      4 New Staff (David Swanson and Rob Gardner)
      5 All-hands meeting location announcement (Clemmie Jones)
      6 XSIM/OSG Collaboration (Von Welch)
      7 Report on LHCONE and LHCOPN meeting (Shawn !McKee)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGWebPresenceInventrory][Web Presence Inventory]]
      * Tried to set up a August Meeting in Chicago Area - Didn&#39;t pan out
      * Effort for consolidation and reworking of webpages is non-existent 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
   2. Development of Staff
      * Scott and Kyle continue to run day to day operations.
      * Kyle and Rob lectured at ASP.
      * Vince Neal attended the U Wisconsin Grid School.                 
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
         * [[https://myosg.grid.iu.edu/vopfmatrix/index?start_type=7daysago&amp;start_date=09%2F26%2F2013&amp;end_type=now&amp;end_date=09%2F26%2F2013&amp;vo=on&amp;vo_35=on&amp;active_value=1&amp;oasis_value=1&amp;sort_key=name][MyOSG ATLAS Matrix]]
      * Campaign to get non-WLCG sites to adopt OSG network monitoring. Postponed until we have fully functional dashboard. 
      * Soichi is putting focus on this project. 
      * Data Store test (ITB) setup at IU done. Receiving data.
      * Mesh Config work nearly completed. 
   4. OSG Connect
      * We now have regular participation in the weekly Operations Meeting.
         * Suchandra and David attending on alternating weeks. 
      * Transitioning some administration to Operations, formal discussions have not yet started. 
   5. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
      * Updated to current status. 
   6. New hardware for XD-LOGIN installed
      * All users moved as of 9/2
      * Repurposing of old hardware to a production iRODS service will be discussed later this week. 
   7. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity
   8. WLCG Accounting
      * Moved completed from IU from FNAL

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   1. Service Additions Adding Up - &quot;Currently sustainable but there are limits&quot;
      * OASIS - Version 2.0 - See below
      * !PerfSONAR data store and visualization
      * iRODS
      * !XRootD - No recent activity, revisiting now
      * Others?
   2. Operations QA Metrics and Processes
      * Meeting with GRNOC to discuss what is being done for other customers
      * Reworking ticket &#39;pinging&#39; procedures
   3. OASIS v2
      * Discussions at the ET level on how to proceed.
   4. !PerfSONAR
      * Long term data storage and curation. 
   5. Gratia Web
      * Ownership and updates. 
   6. OSG Connect 
      * Account Administration
      * Communication 
   7. Data Challenges and LHC Restart

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 14 Jul 2014
