<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MinutesApril17 &lt; Operations &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Operations/MinutesApril17?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MinutesApril17" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Operations/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/MinutesApril17"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Operations_Meeting_April_17_2006"></a> Operations Meeting April 17, 2006 </h1>
Attendees: Aron, John Hover, John Rosheck, Rob, Leigh, Kyle, Tim, Eric, Michael Thomas (Caltech), Doug, Neha, Steve Clark, Alain, Burt, Horst
<p /> <ul>
<li> 1:00pm Central
</li> <li> Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h1><a name="Operations_Agenda"></a> Operations Agenda </h1>
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Previous_Meeting_Notes"></a> Previous Meeting Notes </span></h2>
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesApril10" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesApril10</a>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Support_Centers_Roundtable_Rollc"></a> Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Fermilab"></a> Fermilab </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="CDF"></a> CDF </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="DZero"></a> DZero </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="Community_Support"></a> Community Support </h3>
No representative. <ul>
<li> 1811 <a href="/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA</a> version 1.5.0 (Steve Timm or Iosif) *Fixed in VDT 1.3.11
</li> <li> 1803 TTU-ANTAEUS Site Policy Inquiry (Matthew Norman or Alain Sill)
</li> <li> 1790 Site failing critical tests - UERJ_HEPGRID (José Afonso L. Sanches)
</li> <li> 1779 pbs access at Purdue (Matthew Norman or Mark Linvill)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="UC_CI"></a> UC CI </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="USATLAS"></a> USATLAS </h3>
Eric - No issues.
<h3><a name="DOSAR"></a> DOSAR </h3>
Horst - No issues.
<h3><a name="USCMS"></a> USCMS </h3>
Burt <ul>
<li> Continued instability on the LDAP servers. Alain Roy said they're working on it, but they have multiple compile failures. VDT might be a little slow on responding for the next week or week and a half due to CONDOR Week.
</li></ul> 
<h3><a name="DES_SDSS"></a> DES/SDSS </h3>
Neha - No issues.
<h3><a name="fMRI"></a> fMRI </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="GADU"></a> GADU </h3>
No representative. <ul>
<li> 951 Many sites not working for GADU VO
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="GLOW"></a> GLOW </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="GRASE"></a> GRASE </h3>
No representative. <ul>
<li> 1788 GRASE VO is down
</li> <li> 1739 GRASE-CCR-JOPLIN Failing ACDC Testing
</li> <li> 1738 GRASE-CCR-ACDC Failing ACDC Testing
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="LIGO"></a> LIGO </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="STAR"></a> STAR </h3>
Doug <ul>
<li> Had a couple questions about monitoring, NERSC-PDSF on ACDC and <a href="/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA</a>.
</li></ul> 
<h3><a name="fGOC"></a> fGOC </h3>
No representative. <ul>
<li> 1805 Warning for CDF jobs at Florida and UNL
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="GROW"></a> GROW </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Production cluster up tomorrow hopefully.
</li> <li> 1769 UIOWA-OSG-PROD Emergency Maintenance
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="SLAC"></a> SLAC </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="VDT"></a> VDT </h3>
Alain <ul>
<li> 1771 Hung http processes in VOMS <strong>new version of VOMS should be better, in progress</strong>
</li> <li> 1736 Condor Security Issue <strong>fixed, waiting to verify after release (as with many of the VDT tickets</strong>
</li> <li> 1666 VDT 1.3.10 / OSG 0.4.1 <a href="/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA</a> MLD script needs additional options - 75818 <strong>fixed in ML 1.5.2</strong>
</li> <li> 1570 GT4 https and httpg <strong>contact Alex to say we do not plan to support httpg</strong>
</li> <li> 1146 Target processor = x86? <strong>nanoHUB problem</strong>
</li> <li> 1127 OSG 0.4.0 / VDT 1.3.10 configure_voms remove function does not work - 74637
</li> <li> 1126 OSG 0.4.0 / VDT 1.3.10 VOMS configure_voms script - log_rotate for logs not working 74641
</li> <li> 1025 monalisa java processes stop running on cmsosgce - 73918
</li> <li> 715 GUMS Merory Leak <strong>john working on it</strong>
</li> <li> 419 VDT 1.3.9 configure_voms script not functional once root password assigned in <span class="twikiNewLink">MySql<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/MySql?topicparent=Operations.MinutesApril17" rel="nofollow" title="MySql (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> database - 66899 <strong>fixed</strong>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="TACC"></a> TACC </h3>
No representative.
<h3><a name="Mariachi"></a> Mariachi </h3>
John Hover - No issues.
<h3><a name="NanoHUB"></a> <span class="twikiNewLink">NanoHUB<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/NanoHUB?topicparent=Operations.MinutesApril17" rel="nofollow" title="NanoHUB (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> </h3>
Steven Clark - No issues.
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Current_OSG_GOC_Trouble_Tickets"></a> Current OSG/GOC Trouble Tickets Review </span></h2>
<a href="http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm" target="_top">http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm</a>
<p /> <ul>
<li> 1802 Fermi/Remedy - 00190 - TEST - richt - Submit TO <span class="twikiNewLink">FootPrints<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/FootPrints?topicparent=Operations.MinutesApril17" rel="nofollow" title="FootPrints (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Fermilab 4/17 09:09
</li> <li> 1792 ML showing significant # of jobs on NO_VO VO
</li> <li> 1785 Grid Certs (GRASE)
</li> <li> 1780 Inquiry on how to register SE (dCache in our case) to <a href="/bin/view/Operations/GridCat" class="twikiLink">GridCat</a>
</li> <li> 1778 Fermi/Remedy - 00174 - Burt's Tuesday Interop test
</li> <li> 1777 Running <a href="/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA</a> as daemon user on ROCKS <strong>fixed CLOSE</strong>
</li> <li> 1776 Resource registration for OU_OCHEP_SWT2 
</li> <li> 1764 ATHENA 11.0.42 Install Failure
</li> <li> 1763 RS Resource/Service Registration Form Submission - SE01
</li> <li> 1762 <a href="/bin/view/Operations/GridCat" class="twikiLink">GridCat</a> jobmanager-SGE Problem <strong>CLOSE</strong>
</li> <li> 1734 RS Resource/Service Registration Form Submission | UARK_HAWK <strong>waiting for VO registration</strong>
</li> <li> 1731 Reports CPUs numbers wrong for BNL_ATLAS site   <strong>Jason working on it</strong>
</li> <li> 1669 nanoHUB jobs fail to run
</li> <li> 1528 FNAL_GPFARM disappears from monalisa report <strong>another followup needed with Iosif</strong>
</li> <li> 1251 Gaps Reported in <span class="twikiNewLink">MonaLisa<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/MonaLisa?topicparent=Operations.MinutesApril17" rel="nofollow" title="MonaLisa (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> Graphs - Grid02 upgrades
</li> <li> 1094 Use of user home areas--limits?
</li> <li> 905 OSG version missing for VOMS/GUMS installations - 73069
</li> <li> 808 VO registration for <span class="twikiNewLink">GridChem<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/GridChem?topicparent=Operations.MinutesApril17" rel="nofollow" title="GridChem (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Other_Issues"></a> Other Issues </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Support_Centers_and_Operations_M"></a> Support Centers and Operations Meeting in May (16th and 17th) </h3> <ul>
<li> Burt said Fermi is unlikely to attend. So Burt suggested more advance notification (40 days) for future events. 
</li> <li> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/TimSilvers" class="twikiLink">TimSilvers</a> - 17 Apr 2006</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Operations<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Operations/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">ProductionMeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MinutesApril17</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r8 - 07 Feb 2017 - 19:16:31 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianBockelman" class="twikiLink">BrianBockelman</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />