---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Apr9][April 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * Dan Yocum.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

Diana/Chris:  Let&#39;s official postpone the test of the latest MySQL release until after release 0.36.

John W: When I tested disabling the binary logs, the mysql server was unstable during the backups.

---++OSG Issues

Philippe: Would you have any time to make a mock-up of the graph that you proposed (comparing
GIP, Gratia and RSV information).

Brian: If the OSG director were to put it my to do list, I would produce a fully working prototype.

---++v0.34-x

John: We switched over the OSG production server to the temporary server while the production is going through the upgrade.
It is going at the expected rate.

---++v0.36

Philippe: Chris and I are still on target for devopelement.  Planning of &#39;large&#39; testing after July 1st.

Chris (speaking for Keith): The link to Gratia on the FermiGrid are very stale.  

Philippe:  We need to address this relatively soon.

Chris: We need to u.pdate the WeeklyUsageByVoRank ...

Don:  Started to collect the information. 

Don: The amount of raw data to store is relatively low, I am thinking to do one upload to enstore per month.

Philippe: Don&#39;t forget to have a backup of the current month.

Don: And I will carefully at the existing documentation.

---++Report development

---++Probes

---++Test Bed

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
