Date: Thursday, September 18th; Time: noon Central

Tel: 510-665-5437; ID: 1111

Present:

Agenda:

url: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/20081016ETAgendaMinutes

1. Questions about VDT storage support - Tanya, (Alain is not available and is ok with this discussion happening without him. He has talked extensively to Tanya before hand and will follow up afterwards. [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Storage_Support_for_ET.ppt][OSG_Storage_Support_for_ET.ppt]]

what is FTE count on support: 0.25 -&gt; 0.4 FTE assigned. When have many more production sites and users this is insufficient. Understood for Fy08 that responsibilities include troubleshooting storage and this would transition to include xrootd as it is deployed. Need clarification on this point.

Manage scaling: Insist that the Tier-3s do not do anything that costs a lot of support effort. This means that we insist on only supporting vanilla Bestman? What does &quot;Full Support&quot; for any piece of software in OSG. A lot of what is on Tanya&#39;s slide is the responsibility of the s/w provider rather than OSG? If OSG is owners of the s/w then this is different and requires more support effort and specific funding.

Current process is: Receive ticket from GOC. Try to answer question and/or reproduce it on the teststand. This is troubleshooting not support.

Need to clarify what ATLAS wants. Will Bestman and ROOTD work as well as Bestman and XROOTD. Issues should come up from ATLAS, CMS and other stakeholders at the Production Meeting. The Site Administrators are complaining to the Storage Group. They should report through the VO meeting to the Production Meeting.

WBS item: Ted&#39;s area: CMS request. Derive set of instructions for the sites on how to provide &quot;support&quot; information in order to debug a problem. Follow up on this. Action: Frank follow up with Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions and Chander. Access to monitoring information that exists is also on the WBS.

(https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/pub/Management/20081016ETAgendaMinutes/OSG_Storage_Support_for_ET.ppt )

Access to the log files has not been a problem for Condor-G? Why is this a problem for storage? Quality of the log files is bad. 3 weeks to get access to the MIT log files: Change in personnel; Go to the VO manager; If no access then don&#39;t care about getting help and we should not help them; can expect SSH access to the machine; some sites just disable the VO - this should get communicated to the management, it is not a storage group problem.

2. JOG meeting - Chander will need help from people to flesh it out next week. &quot;OSG is enabling US LHC to be on track for data taking in collaboration&quot;.

3. OSG EGI position statement - give a response. Get some kind of reaction from the funding agencies on whether they see any importance or value on such a statement. Is there anything international? Encourage EGI&#39;s to include in its charter relationships to non-European NGIs? We are the NGI in US for LHC. Pass by ET, call it a day and inform the Council.

4. CCRC09/WLCG meeting Nov 13-14th - CMS has had the discussion and there is no CCRC09 which US CMS is contributing to; US ATLAS similarly. Check with Ian and Michael. Check the agenda.

5. WLCG user analysis working group - Frank and Torre are CMS and ATLAS representatives and will communicate back to the OSG anything needed or relevant.

6. GridUNESP workshop - help them get on their feet, but make goal clear as a peer grid. Presence there: FermiGrid, and US CMS, Jose?, CI-Team Campus effort - yes.

7. Can we offer services to other Grids? US. Make contributions or &quot;brownie points&quot;.

-- Main.RuthPordes - 15 Oct 2008

