---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 26 October 2006
%TOC%

---++ Agenda
Miron, Alain, Mike, Doug, Leigh, Frank, Ruth, Rob,

---+++ Status of VOs planning Production Runs - written status to be linked to the twiki meeting minutes page in time for the meeting.  
   * [[VoReportChrisGreen20061026][GADU, D0, MiniBooNE, SDSS/DES]], CHARMM.
   * PANDA now runs on a generic site. Getting the application code working and ATLAS application. Sequence of folding postulates of proteins and determining worth of parameter direction. There is a workflow. Submitting Condor-G jobs directly to EGEE sites. PANDA accounting information. Torre needs to send Philippe an integration of the PANDA information into Gratia. 
   * Compbiogrid starting up. CDF single user. 

---+++ Review and status of Plans, SOWs and Subcontracts - Kent, Miron
   * Columbia - Mike
   * RENCI - Miron
   * BNL Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions cover GUMS work for 6 months? - OK. Will fill a 6 month hole. After this support reverts to ATLAS BNL Facility. 
   * Take Decision on ISI Pegasus  work for LIGO -  Another subcontract. Encourage them to move to a decoupling of the data movement and job scheduling on non-LIGO resources. Must use this as a means to move beyond the current model as everything being captured in the DAG. Need an offline meeting. I am 
   * Starting Individual and Insitutional PI Effort Reporting - post to the twiki. sort out the details. Can we use the PPDG scripts? Doug will talk to the Kyle  and give us a choice. Twiki more easily integrated into other reports. Working by the end of November. Give people 1 week to send reports. 
   * Status of the project plan.

---+++ Report from EGEE visit - Miron
   * EGEE 3 discussions. European Grid infrastructure following Geant project. OSG - EGEE relationship for this? 
   * Data movement problems using network at the speeds because of the s/w stack limitations at receiving/ending points? US CMS sites transferring 3 Gbit/sec. 

---+++ OSG 0.6.0 Release status
   * VDT release issues - Alain to send an update of the spreadsheet. Discussions with Globus on new release including all TeraGrid patches ready  for VDT in a month or so. Hope to reduce the number of patches. 
   * ITB testing - 5 sites testing ITB 0.5.1 people are just getting experience and sending in issues. Monitoring: GIP -&gt; BDII -&gt; CEMON. ATLAS, LIGO, CMS plans for validation. Fermilab on FermiGrid; Weigand validation scripts. Need firm timeline set down for VOs and ready to deploy. Process once have a basic validation for moving to deployment. Provisioning and documentation. Relationships between EGEE and OSG Trash/Trash/Integration Testbeds.  This is part of the release process. No blueprint or specification being worked to. Rob to send email on pain and concerns. 
   * Concerns and issues? 

---+++ Site Validation and Functional Tests, Interoperability with the EGEE - Miron, Leigh
   * result of WLCG-EGEE-OSG meeting was that they will define  a set of tests and OSG will report the sites information based on running of OSG level scripts. In the December GDB OSG will provide a list of what the EGEE SFTs are testing. Leigh is doing this with Alex Sim with SRM/SE testing. Rob Quick looking at the SFT/CE tests; Finding out how the tests relate to the EGEE plots. Will send the reports out to Frank/Torre for comment on whether things should be tested to decide if OSG site is functional. 

---+++ Upcoming Events
   * SC06
   * Caltech meetings - Only those who need to be there in person need to be.
   * Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting - the 15th December. Frank, Torre, Miron, Send issues to the mail list. Looking for clearer integration path.  
   
---+++ AOB
   * OISE Copenhagen meeting
   * NERSC allocation - how to allocate VO use
   * STAR science - research highlight.
   * OSG will have representation on the WLCG Management board. 
   * OSG - EGEE Management discussion VOMS. 

-- Main.RuthPordes - 24 Oct 2006
