<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> May-13-2008 &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/May-13-2008?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit May-13-2008" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/May-13-2008"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_Council_Monthly_Teleconferen"></a>  OSG Council Monthly Teleconference </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
</li> <li> Meeting ID: 1111 
</li> <li> Date: May 13th, 2008
</li> <li> Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time
</li> <li> Attending: Michael Ernst (BNL), Lothar Bauerdick (US-CMS), Maxim Potekhin (OSG User-Group BNL), Chander Seghal (OSG Project Manager), Ruth Pordes (OSG Executive Director), Scott Mccauley (Indiana), Brad Abbott (DZero), Rob Quick (GOC), Tom Hacker (Purdue), Jerome Lauret (STAR), Dick Greenwood (DOSAR), Jim Shank (US ATLAS S&amp;C), Kent Blackburn (OSG Council Chair)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda_Minutes"></a> Agenda/Minutes </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_from_the_OSG_Executive_Di"></a> Status from the OSG Executive Director </h3>
<p />
<font color = blue>
minutes:
<p />
Ruth's Executive Director's report was circulated to the OSG Council and OSG Executive Board email lists this morning. It is available at this <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Council/EDReport-05-13-08" target="_top">URL</a>, or from the OSG Council Website under the "Executive Director Reports" Section for May 13th, 2008. No further discussion of the report came out of the meeting.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Upcoming_OSG_Meetings"></a> Upcoming OSG Meetings </h3>
<p />
<h4><a name="OSG_Users_Group_Meeting_at_BNL_S"></a> OSG Users Group Meeting at BNL Scheduled </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> 16 June 2008 08:30 to 17 June 2008 15:00 Eastern Time
</li> <li> Registration deadline moved to June 10th, but cost goes up after May 30th
</li> <li> Meeting has now been made an open meeting by BNL
</li> <li> Meeting web site: <a href="http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1683" target="_top">http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1683</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color = blue>
minutes:
<p />
As of today something like 17 individuals have registered for the Users Group Meeting. Ruth expressed concern that the registration was lacking users, being primarily made up of core OSG individuals. The question was raised if we had or needed to have a campaign to reach the users under the VOs and if so what was the mechanism for reaching them. It was suggested that the OSG-Council email list would be a good venue. 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<font color = green>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Action Item:</strong> Kent will email the OSG-Council with request to share with VO users the announcement of the OSG Users Group Meeting at BNL.
</li></ul> 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h4><a name="Scheduling_of_OSG_Council_Face_t"></a> Scheduling of OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting in August </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> First week of August (week of August 4th) looks like the best week
</li> <li> Suggested that we use the Westin Hotel near O'Hare Airport for the meeting
</li> <li> Any conflicts?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color = blue>
minutes:
<p />
No conflicts were identified with having the Face-to-Face the first week of August. Tuesday August 5th was proposed with the venue being the Westin Hotel near the O'Hare Airport without objections. This hotel has been used for meeting by the OSG in the past, including a blueprint meeting which used a conference room able to support about 50 people. 
<p />
There was some discussion of starting time. Starting late morning would give people in the Chicago-Wisconsin area time to drive in that morning, and provide more options for people flying in from the east coast. Starting early morning may give people in the Chicago area a head start on local traffic. The meeting would probably finish mid-afternoon.
<p />
The question of remote participation was raised. It is likely that only audio will be available. However, it was emphasised that the importance of these meetings lies in the ability to meet in person!
<p />
</font>
<p />
<font color = green>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Action Item:</strong> Kent will begin working on an agenda with Paul, Ruth, Chander and others.
</li></ul> 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h4><a name="Next_OSG_All_Hands_Meeting_Venue"></a> Next OSG All-Hands Meeting Venue Has Been Proposed </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> LIGO Livingston Observatory has graciously offered to host us
</li> <li> 20 miles east of Baton Rouge, LA; (about an hours drive from New Orleans Airport)
</li> <li> They are able to host either the week of February 23rd, 2009 OR March 2nd 2009
</li> <li> Council Face-to-Face would be on the last day (as usual)
</li> <li> Any conflicts?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color = blue>
minutes:
<p />
ATLAS reported that it is too early to know if they have a conflict that far out and would likely not know there schedule for that time frame until sometime in September. There was general agreement that getting this on the calandar now would allow the VOs to organize any meetings around that time.
<p />
The only conflict identified was <strong>Mardi Gras</strong> which is Tuesday February 24th. Hotels, airplane seats, rental cars will all be very difficult to aquire during that time. As a result the Council prefers the week of March 2nd for the next OSG All-Hands Meeting.
<p />
Kent Blackburn, along with Bonnie Wooley, will be the local LIGO contacts for planning. Kent has informed Bonnie that the OSG Council down-selected to the March 2nd date.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_from_Ad_Hoc_Subcommittee"></a> Status from Ad-Hoc Subcommittee to address At-Large VO Representation </h3>
<p />
<font color = blue>
minutes:
<p />
The "At-Large VO Representation" Subcommittee has organized itself and held its kick-off meeting on April 25th. Shaowen Wang of the CIGI VO was nominated the chair of the committee by its members. The next meeting is right after the OSG Council teleconference today (May 13th).
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_from_Ad_Hoc_Subcommit_AN1"></a> Status from Ad-Hoc Subcommittee to evaluation Council Organization </h3>
<p />
<font color = blue>
minutes:
<p />
The "Evaluation of the OSG Council's Organization" Subcommittee has yet to form, lacking the original number of members being saught out.
<p />
The Council presented general acceptance with the subcommittee moving forward with the current number of members with the expectation that any recommendations from the subcommittee would be reviewed by the full Council prior to conclusion.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<font color = green>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Action Item:</strong> Kent will schedule the kick-off meeting for this subcommittee with its current membership.
</li></ul> 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </h3>
<p />
<font color = blue>
minutes:
<p />
Rob Quick asked if any VO had responded to the inquiries for a VO interested in standing up a <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.May-13-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> server. The recommendation from last month's meeting was repeated. Dick Greenwood reported that he contacted DOSAR and that they were not interested in standing up the service. Jerome Lauret reported that he contacted STAR but didn't get a response. The views of ATLAS and CMS, namely that there were other higher priority task before the OSG were repeated from last time. It was noted that it is very important to realize that <span class="twikiNewLink">MonaLisa<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonaLisa?topicparent=Council.May-13-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonaLisa (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> was not being abandoned, but only the OSG's support and maintenance of the service. It was recommended that the email that went out to the Council regarding <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.May-13-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> be resent.
<p />
Rob reported that the current server has been running stable for about 6 months and that the only issue at this time was the chance of hardware failure or some other unexpected occurance.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<font color = green>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Action Item:</strong> Kent will resend the email to the OSG-Council regarding <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.May-13-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and the invitation for any VO's interested in providing the service do so in coordination with the OSG GOC and OSG Security personnel
</li></ul> 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<font color = blue>
<p />
Ruth Reported that there was a meeting planned with the Europeans on the 28th and 29th of May. Also there is a Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting scheduled for the week of the 29th of July.
<p />
Chander reported that he will soon begin working on the year 3 planning (and the years 3 - 5 planning) for the OSG. He would like inputs on the science needs of the VOs, including such aspects as functionality, usage, volume, etc.
<p />
Ruth and Chander asked after the meeting that a standing agenda item be added to provide a round-table discussion of <strong>Round-Table VO Reports and Issues - Ongoing Goals/Milestones</strong>. This has been added to next months agenda page.
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> - 11 Apr 2008</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>May-13-2008</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r13 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:36 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />