---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Oct28][October 28]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

Chris: The final release candidate of v1.06 collector has been cut and installed almost everywhere.

---+Services Operation

Dan: One of the Collector&#39;s VM (osg-itb) has to little memory and need reboot regularly.  The memory will be increase in an upcoming configuration.

Dan: Currently discussing and reviewing the software stack to be installed/used in the HA Collectors.

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

Brian: OSG is working on review its need for Accounting; no express request yet but they bubbled up.

Brian: OSG no longer requires nor need the Transfer probe to send file level details.  The probe can be updated to pre-summarize the data. 

Chris: Does the OSG-ITB still need the &#39;replicated&#39;/&#39;cleaned-up&#39; ITB collector still needed/required.   We could re-use its memory for the other collector if it is not used.

---+WLCG 

Chris: LCG upload script have been updated to support the DN.  And it has been installed in production.

---+Fermi/CD

Nobody attending.

---+Developments

---++BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

Nothing to report.  (They are working on it).

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Karthik: I am pretty much done with the update to including meta summary in the transfer reports.  I am reviewing the new code and testing and will updated to svn.
I updated the code to do better checks for the presence of the db location. 

About the update to the efficiency report: still working on it.

---++FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

Nothing to report.

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

Aaron: Our test gateway was not registered with the GUMS server.   Now thinks seems to work and I am starting to test probes and write my own probes.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
