---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

[Note: these minutes are currently sketchy due to my own time constraints today. Expect complete minutes tomorrow morning.]

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesApr09][April 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Monday at 3:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * Main.PenelopeConstanta, Main.ChrisGreen, John Urish, Main.JohnWeigand, Main.SteveTimm, Jeff Mack.
   * Apologies:

---++Production Transition:

Steve Timm: Let&#39;s load the software tonight and then turn off the old collector just after the DNS switch over.
Unfortunately I am running out of time, can you install the soft?

Chris: I will follow the instruction on the web to install the soft on the new machine.

Steve: How often do you think you will be updating the software?

Chris: 2 or 3 times a month.

Steve: I have concern about backup of the database, we will soon need to make a plan for the long term
support.

Chris: Can the physical move of cd-psg2 be delayed?   It would be nice to have the collector running for one
additional.

Steve: I can delay it for a week.

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Collector/Report development

Chris: I updated the installation and configuration instructions.

Philippe: For reporting, let&#39;s settle on using the word &#39;Site&#39; rather than Facility or CE in the reports.

Chris/Penelope: We also need to change the table and column names

Philippe: Yes eventually.

Jeff: I finalized the 2 new reports requested by Ruth, they should be in production tomorrow.
I will let you select which VO to see.

Philippe: I am thinking of adding a new table for VO (similar to the one we have for Sites) where
we can change easily the name being printed in the report and will also be able to keep in one
place information about the VO (aka &quot;Is an OSG VO?&quot;, &quot;Is a big VO?&quot;, etc.).

Jeff: This would indeed be useful for the report.

---++Probes

Philippe: We will need Gram and Panda to issue 

---++Storage Probe

---++Any Other Business

John W.: The upload to LCG (Apel) is now &#39;croned&#39;.  I would like to still to add a couple of checks.
I will add email sending to grid-accounting.  Should we have an account specific to this uploads? 

Philippe: Yes, please request a &#39;gratia&#39; account from Steve.  I will also migrate my cron jobs to this
account.

John U.: We have completed the survey (as far as it can get).  I am writing a report.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 09 Apr 2007
