---+!! OSG Executive team meeting, December 20th  12 noon Chicago time

%TOC%

---++ Coordinates
   * 510 665 5437 ID 1111
   * Attending: Rob Q, Alain, Mine, Chander, Maxim, Alina, Paul, Ruth, Rob G
   * Apologies: Miron


---++ Closeout of Year 1 Security Plan

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Security/ControlsAssessment2007][Controls Assessment]]

Mine thanks all the team and staff for a lot of hard work to complete the controls and assessments. All controls are &quot;green&quot; and done. The twiki page records the documentation; the ST&amp;E tool records the other controls that are completed. Some controls done more completely than others and there is still significant work remaining in Year 2. For example, plan needs modification based on experience; timeline did not allow for the depth needed; 

You will see that all controls assessments listed have been successfully completed. There are a couple of issues to follow up in 2008 which Mine will explain to us. 

Core service owners have been well involved. Rob Q : spread out over a longer period. 

Will revisit the risk - cost - benefit of the controls in Year 2. Controls are very useful but, yes, what is the prioritization across other things. Will revise the Security Plan and identify stale and missing parts. Need to add VOs, Sites, Trash/Auditing as part of the plan. Upcoming Privacy Policy, together with logging, auditing,  will be part of the plan, not a separate activity.

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Security/SteSurveyInfo2007][Site Survey Information]]

---++ OSG 1.0 Timeline
Plan is by February VDT 1.8.1 with dCache and supporting utilities in. This is high priority. ITB will test the dCache install of the VDT and the utilities. Prereleases will be made available for testing. OK. Major focus for next six weeks. Spotty help from the storage group. Alain to set up a meeting to discuss this.

RSV deliverables for OSG 1.0 - have a meeting to discuss document from Rob Q which he will send in a day or so. Expect most can be done by the end of March.
Abhishek to clarify CDF: Compute services
A need to have extra RSL field(s) to run only on WNs with larger than 4GB memory.

A Month: A possible introduction of complete RPM based installation
Ruth to send question mail: Inclusion of the MPI information provider into GIP/ReSS.
New version of CEMON it is a few days once it is delivered.

John Weigand will make the necessary changes to the VDT scripts to enable GRAM auditing. At least 1 week of work. Policy issues with the GRAM auditing... what do we need to look at here? Is it only a local database? 

End of February is aggressive and overly optimistic.

Trash/Trash/Integration process:  2 months. How to shorten it. Next time won&#39;t be dealing with so much documentation. Will save a week there and a face to face meeting is good. For new things that come in need documentation up front. Pay more attention to this at the beginning of the integration. Still a lot remaining and ongoing work. Applications sooner/quicker: its hard. Lost effort when David left to make sure things happen. Could ask for more help from the users group -- need more effort from the infrastructure group really and following up on problems?





-- Main.RuthPordes - 19 Dec 2007
