   * 4:00 PM Eastern (3:00 PM Central)
   * Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://IU.zoom.us/j/865253152
   * (US Toll): +1 408-638-0968, PIN: 865-253-152# or +1 646-558-8656, PIN 865-253-152#

---++ Announcements: 
   * All hands meeting [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/AHM2017][registration]] is open.


---++ Action/Significant Items: 
   * (Operations) Some downtime mappings from OIM to AGIS still need to be worked out. There is ongoing coversation between Ops and ATLAS to get this mapped correctly.
   * (Production Support) CMS having trouble getting to Stampede from CERN frontend. Traced to router issue at TACC and should be fixed now.
   * (Communication) Will distribute survey for Security team so they can accordingly shape their session

---++ Attendees:
   * Scott, Tim T, Brian L, Kyle, Armen, Jeny, Rob, Ken, Xin

---++ Apologies:
   * Tanya, Krista

---++ Atlas (Armen &amp; Xin) 

   * General production status. 
      * USATLAS total production over the past week was quite stable, at the average level of 55-63K running job slots. The issue on downtimes mapping from OSG to AGIS is under discussion.         
   * Job statistics for last week.     
      * Gratia report: 1.8M pilots, 3.5M walltime hours, and CPU/walltime ratio of 75% (for single core jobs)
      * 2.2M real Jobs reported from the Atlas dashboard (~68K from OSG opportunistic resources). 

---++ FIFE - !FabrIc for Frontier Experiments (Tanya)

---++ CMS (Tony &amp; Krista)
   * CMS Production for the week (1/24-1/30):
      * 12,087,564 hours
      * 448,918 pilots

---++ Grid Operations Center (Scott)
  * [[http://tinyurl.com/pre26vw][GOC Services Availability/Reliability]]
   * Current Status: [[http://monitor.grid.iu.edu/availability/production.html][&lt;img src=&quot;http://monitor.grid.iu.edu/availability/production_status.png&quot;&gt;]]
   * &lt;a href=&quot;http://reports.grid.iu.edu/reports/&quot;&gt;Reports current: &lt;img src=&quot;http://steige.grid.iu.edu/steige/status_reports.png&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
   * [[http://maddash.aglt2.org/maddash-webui/index.cgi?dashboard=OSG%20Grid%20Operations%20Center%20Test%20Mesh%20Config][PerfSonar]] service
   * &lt;img src=&quot;http://gratiaweb1.grid.iu.edu/gratiastatic/today/osg_wall_hours.png&quot;/&gt;
   * &lt;img src=&quot;http://osg-flock.grid.iu.edu/monitoring/condor/condor_7day.png&quot; width=&#39;630&#39; height=&#39;390&#39;  /&gt;&lt;br&gt;
   * Fifth Tuesday, no maintenance
   * On 7/Feb the UPS for the enterprise portion of the IU data center will be bypassed for repair. There will be no backup power available during these repairs.
   * !PerfSONAR component psds1 is currently filling /var at a rate that will fill it in 30 days. Scott will intervene unless someone else wants to do so.

---++ Networking (Shawn)

---++ Production Support (Ken)

   * Some connectivity issues between OSG Connect and FNAL_GPGrid last week, but seems to have cleared up.
   * !JINR CREAM CEs now in production for !NOvA and (previously working) !CMS. HTCondorCE mostly working but trying to track down intermittent glexec issue.
   * CMS having trouble getting to Stampede from CERN frontend. Traced to router issue at TACC and should be fixed now. Also a job matchmaking issue which (should be) fixed within last hour.
   * CENF (CERN neutrino) cluster not supported in current form by CERN IT, so that effort is probably over. There were some productive FNAL/CERN meetings last week to restructure DUNE/protoDUNE effort.

---++ Software (Brian L.)

OSG 3.3.21 (February): 
   * Make HTCondor-CE tools more resilient to bad data from the CE collector 
   * Update to HTCondor 8.4.11 &lt;strike&gt;and (in Upcoming) 8.6.0&lt;/strike&gt; 
   * Make !GridFTP-HDFS concurrent transfer limit code available to all !GridFTP plugins 
   * Improve osg-configure and its documentation for the ATLAS Resource Entry configuration 
   * &lt;strike&gt;Add systemd support for Gratia probes&lt;/strike&gt; 
   * Add the LCMAPS VOMS plugin to OSG software as an eventual replacement for edg-mkgridmap 
   * Update to RSV-perfSONAR 1.2.1 or later (more control over MQ messages) 
   * Update to glideinWMS 3.2.17 or later 
   * Pre-release some CVMFS fixes 
Other stuff: 
   * Migrating OSG Display to use GR&amp;Aring;CC queries instead of Gratia 
   * Migrating APEL report to use GR&amp;Aring;CC queries instead of Gratia 
   * Adding automated tests of the !GridFTP-HDFS and !XRootD-HDFS plugins 
   * Adding new documentation on using a load balancer (LVS) with !GridFTP 
   * Overhauling the Gratia documentation 
   * Planning a site overview talk and office hours for Thursday morning of the OSG All Hands  
   * Working on Madison ITB to improve testing, nearly ready to accept ITB factory jobs


---++ Release (Tim T.)
---+++ Release Schedule
%TABLE{sort=&quot;off&quot;}%
| *Name* | *Version* | *Development Freeze* | *Package Freeze* | *Release* | *Notes* |
| February | 3.3.21 | 2017-01-30 | 2017-02-06 | 2017-02-14 | 5 week cycle |
| March | 3.3.22 | 2017-02-27 | 2017-03-06 | 2017-03-14 | |
| April | 3.3.23 | 2017-03-27 | 2017-04-03 | 2017-04-11 | |

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/Release3/Release33202][Data Release]] last week: IGTF 1.79, VO Package v70
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2583][Data Release]] coming soon: IGTF 1.80
   * OSG 3.3.21: [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20SOFTWARE%20AND%20labels%20in%20%283.3.21%29%20ORDER%20BY%20status%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20assignee%20ASC][February 14th Release]]
      * Provide method to update data (CA Certificates, VO Package) in tarball installations
      * !glideinWMS 3.2.17
      * RSV-perfSONAR 1.2.1: Control over message send to the MQ
      * HTCondor 8.4.11: Bug fix release
      * HTCondor-CE 2.1.2: Gracefully fail when receiving bad data from collector.opensciencegrid.org
      * Improve osg-configure 1.6.1 and its documentation for the ATLAS Resource Entry configuration

---++ Security
   * AHM Planning in progress; Susan, Zalak, Dave, and Jeny will attend
   * Working with Communications (Kyle) to distribute survey to better inform presentation
   * Recently notified (thanks, Brian Bockleman!) that CMS has been experiencing an uptick in drive-by attacks against old vulnerabilities in unpatched commodity software, planning on sending a gentle nudge to our security contacts reminding them of best practices.

---++ Communication (Kyle)
   * AHM Planning ongoing
   * Targeted mailing to all resource contacts went out.
   * Will distribute survey for Security team so they can accordingly shape their session
   * Working with Rob Gardner to make sure an announcement gets sent to Connect users.
   * Added splash screen to OSG home page (https://www.opensciencegrid.org/) that tells people about AHM

-- Main.ScottTeige - 31 Jan 2017

