---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Friday Jan 14, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 02:00 PM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 866-740-1260 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 9030201 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.SuchandraThapa


---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.DouglasStrain
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---++ Agenda

   * Work plan for week 01/17/2011 -&gt; 01/21/2011

      * General ( Robert )
         * continue work on navigation, needed for sessions on the AHM
         * start implementing Leftbar on twiki-test
         * support documentation work
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
         * sent out reminders regarding work on documentation that was distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
         * support work on the 5 CE documents
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
         * work on GUMS and VOMS documentation
         * begin coordinating glidein documentation
         * sent top10 list of use cases during session at the AHM to Robert for work on navigation
      * Security ( James )
         * support work on document that is reviewed by Steven Timm (Trash.ReleaseDocumentationAboutAuthorizationForCE)
         * start following document standards more closely (&#39;About this Document&#39;, &#39;Comments&#39;, Table of Contents Layout, References)
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
         * work on TheGOC, VOPackageReleases
         * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
      * VO ( Terrence Martin )
         * work on GUMS installation document with Marco as reviewer


-- Main.RobertEngel - 14 Jan 2011
