---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  07/13/06


---++ AGENDA

   1. discuss draft agenda for osg consortium meeting
   1. report on conversation with Frank W. (Eileen)
   1. discuss concept of admin, user, developer as brought up by Abhishek
   1. discuss Eileen&#39;s list (EileensWebSuggestions) of items for osg storage website.  additions, corrections, ...

---++ Attending
   * Doug Olsen (Berkeley)
   * Eileen Berman (FNAL)
   * David Myers (LIGO)
   * Surya Pathak, Paul Sheldon (Vanderbilt) 


---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ Draft Agenda for Storage, Network, and Data Management Meeting at OSG Consortium Meeting

Draft Agenda (we should discuss):
   * three hours, weds morning 9-noon
   * a few short presentations with a large amount of time for discussion
   * One important goal:  understand what problems people are having, what issues would people like to be able to resolve, what information they would like, feedback from users of OSG?
   * 10-15 minute presentations:  
      * a couple of networking talks (Ultralight, Lambda Station) 
      * Ian Fisk (CMS experience talk, he will include Phedex), 
      * Surya (SRM L-Store development), 
      * ATLAS experience talk
      * Alex Simm give a talk? (Surya)  SRM, David suggests also DRM readiness plan.
   * Frank W. will be a scribe and will report later in the day at the meeting about what went on.
   * Maybe David give us his demonstration or at least we should discuss it... it is a LIGO tool that combines Storage, Networking, and Data Management.

Surya would like to get a discussion thread started on performance monitoring.  Vanderbilt is
developing something, for example, but needs to better understand the landscape.

This was brought up recently by Frank as a issue that he would like to see information on.

There is a wealth of things to talk about.  We need to control this so there is time for
getting feedback from the community, not something we usually have the opportunity to get.

---+++ Meeting with Frank W. on Storage

His comments on our group&#39;s activities:

   * Information needs to be more relevant to people currently running production infrastructure (sysadmins,...)
   * [put on OSG meeting agenda: put this topic on the agenda.]
      * Evaluation of the performance of SEs on OSG
   * Policies, access rules and proceedures for SEs on OSG  
   * Right now there is not alot of cross experiment sharing of storage, what is needed to enable this?
   * More management tools for stuff out there.  what tools would people like?
   * Support: he like ideas of office hour, but needs to have well-defined boundaries...

Office hour:  may schedule for an hour, but the questions are deep and long and lots of them, so
it drags into a full day.  So, would need to restrict it to an hour in this case, for example.  Also,
questions should be asked beforehand in an e-mail.

Capturing the knowledge on FAQs or Twikis or whatever can resolve many questions so that they don&#39;t need to be answered again.

---+++ Admin, Developer, User

Abishek&#39;s suggestion: different types of information for an Admin, User, Developer

What are differences?  this is a good idea for organization of our info on the web pages,
for example,...

but there is also the issue of clients versus storage servers...  

Smart Folders?  (Eileen) ... An interested person would go to a PLONE site and would
list topics they were interested in.  When info is added, you get notified, so you don&#39;t
need to look for it.

this might be a way to accomplish this.

---+++ Website comments.

Eileen has compiled a list of comments (EileensWebSuggestions).  Comments?

Can we give tasks to people to furnish some of the items?  Can&#39;t probably
assign people work, but people can volunteer...

We may be able to go to Ruth and ask her to support this in the future.

---++ ACTION ITEMS

   1. Paul needs to talk to Harvey Newman/Rick Cavanaugh (UltraLight) and Shawn McKee (ATLAS) about above talks.
   1. Eileen will talk to Alex Simm about giving a talk on SRM and on DRM (readiness plan).
   1. At next meeting, get agenda finalized and get it &quot;published&quot;


&lt;!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
 DEAR DOCUMENT OWNER
 ===================

 Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local OWNER = PaulSheldon

 Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
 DOC_AREA = (ComputeElement|Storage|VO|Security|User|Monitoring|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Operations|Tier3)
   * Local DOC_AREA       = Storage

 define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
 DOC_ROLE = (EndUser|Student|Developer|SysAdmin|VOManager)
   * Local DOC_ROLE       = SysAdmin

 Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
 DOC_TYPE = (Troubleshooting|Training|Installation|HowTo|Planning|Navigation|Knowledge)
   * Local DOC_TYPE       = Installation
  Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = %NO%

 Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_TEST   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local REVIEW_READY   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be tested and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local TEST_READY     = %NO%

 change to %YES% only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release
   * Local RELEASE_READY  = %YES%


 DEAR DOCUMENT REVIEWER
 ======================

 Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local REVIEWER       = FirstName
 Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local REVIEW_PASSED  = %NO%


 DEAR DOCUMENT TESTER
 ====================

 Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local TESTER         = FirstLast
 Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local TEST_PASSED    = %NO%
############################################################################################################
--&gt;
