---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Apr15][April 15]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * Keith Chadwick
   * Jim Fromm.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+ Gratia

---++Action items from previous meeting:

Keith said:

Ruth,

I had a chance to chat with Chris Green regarding the LQCD Gratia
discussion (see email with Don Holmgren below).

To summarize:

1.  The current Gratia LQCD probe does not pick up the &quot;-A&quot; project information.

2.  It would be a fairly easy modification to the PBS log scraper section of
    the probe to enable the collection of the &quot;-A&quot; project information.

3.  This can probably be worked into a future release of the Gratia probes.

4.  Once it is being collected, reports could be written to report the utilization
    by project.

I leave it to you and the Gratia project management to determine if these
changes should be incorporated into the future plan of the Gratia project. 

---++Release Status

Philippe: v1.04 collector code is feature complete (authentication is now functional).   

Keith: we should test this using proxy certificate.

Philippe: Yes it should work.

Chris: We still need to test/fix the vdt deployment (security connector might be customizable).

Chris: v1.04 probe still missing http(s) proxy handler and one ProbeConfig entry renaming.

Philippe: I am going through performance analysis of the collector and finding many opportunities for improvements.

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi

Dan: AGLT2 is currently not reporting (Transfer probe).

Dan: Hardware review for Gratia still pending.  We will be putting it up for competitive bid.  (Current purchase is for 2 machines).

Dan: Backup of non-compressed (i.e. recent) xml records has been definitively removed (gain in free cpu for no real downside).

Chris:  Code for duplicates is &#39;broken&#39; in v1.02 and is fixed in v1.04.  (The brokeness is that incoming record that is a duplicate _with_ better information (FQAN) was __not__ used (i.e was rejected).   The production was patched in place Monday.

Chris: osg-transfer is up to April 2nd.  

Chris: fermi-transfer is up to April 22nd (caught up).  (April 1st to 2nd, couple 100000k a day).  (peak in February 24th was 150,000 an hour sustained for a days).

Keith: There will be a short down-time of all gratia XEN vm to be able to upgrade to the new kernel.  This will happen next week.  (Some of the development machine must also update the OS).

Keith: After this, there will be regular kernel updates (within 24 hours of the release).

---+++RSV

---++OSG

Chris: Within a year or two, the current code will reach limitation in the maximum dbid value (currently 32bits) and the fact that only one collector (thread) can handle the db at a time (this would prevent HA implementation).

Ruth/Chris: We should invite the proponent of accounting for BOINC jobs to this meeting to discuss implementation.
How do we label them?  Which jobs do we account for?

---++WLCG 

Philippe:  EGEE is investigating how to handle the FQAN information we have.

Ruth: Can we ping them to know how far they got.

---++Gratia/OIM

Chris: I have 2 outstanding issues on the OIM lists.  The FQAN splitting capability has been implemented.  The myosg equivalent is being worked on.  Also I requested from them to straighten their handling of &#39;unusual&#39; character (They currently can not handle  chinese, hebrew, cyril, japanese, etc....)

---++Fermi/CD

Jim F.: Just about to ramp up the accounting work.  I will be evaluating Gratia against the requirement.
The latest requirements doc is in DocDB (doc # CD-doc-3191-v1).  I will be using this set of requirements as I evaluate Gratia.  That evaluation is just now getting under way, I expect the next output of this process to be a document describing how Gratia meets or does not meet these requirements.   When this is completed I will let you know. 

---++Development

---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
