---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Ruth, Jim, Chander, Alain, Rob Q, Brian, Rob G, Dan Fraser

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

   * Feb 23rd/24th at Fermilab - management discussion of Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment and Campus Grids plans. No url  or agenda for the meeting
   * When will we have the next blueprint dates? 
   * July 16-20 XSEDE12 Annual Meeting

---+++ Follow-up Action Items
 
1) Chander to confirm dates for &quot;final&quot; annual reports to NSF and DOE.

2) Alain (and Chander) to determine if we need to setup periodic calls with other key software suppliers; specifically GLExec and EMI.

---+++ Cross-Cutting Support Area Report - Ruth Pordes
  * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx][AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx]]: !AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 27 Jan 2012
 

