---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 19 Apr 2013
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Friday 19 Apr 2013&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting:  Friday 17 May 2013&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
   * Anthony Tiradani
   * Maarten Litmaath

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ VOMS 3
   * EMI 3.0 release of VOMS Admin - no good
   * VOMS-Admin 3.0.1 has been released but not tested yet

---+++ SHA-2
   * VOMS 2.0.9 - SHA2 compatibility
   * Aug 1 timeframe won&#39;t happen for WLCG
   * VOMS still uses SHA-1 to sign the VOMs extensions even for SHA-2 proxies
      * supposed to be fixed in VOMS 3
