---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Thursday, Aug 12, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | Noon Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees
Dan Fraser, Kent Blackburn, Peter Doherty, Maxim Potekhin, Rob Quick, Robert Engel, Piotr Sliz, Chander Sehgal

---++ Agenda


   * 1.0.2 Production Coordination – Dan Fraser

   * 1.0.3 Biology &amp; Biomedical – Piotr Sliz

   * 1.0.4 LIGO Applications – Kent Blackburn
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.ppt][Powerpoint Slides]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.pdf][PDF Slides]]

   * 1.2 Operations – Rob Quick

---++ 1.0.3 Biology &amp; Biomedical
   * We do not have much to report since our last phone call. The GlideIn system is working well for us. We have completed computations on a large chunk of data, and the manuscript is ready for submission. Once the manuscript is being processes we will announce the portal to our community, and we then expect a larger workload (probably not as much as we were computing over the last 2-3 months).

   * We are also reconfiguring our internal grid submission infrastructure which will provide better links between our portal and glidein manager, and create a more robust environment in general.

---++ 1.2 Operations

---+++ Progress Since Last Report

   * Transitioning of Arvind out and Scott Teige into Operations is going smoothly. 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][SLAs]]
      * All IU based services are functioning under the posted SLAs
      * Working with FNAL and UCSD to put SLAs in place for their services
   * Ticketing 
      * New web services interface in place to GGUS and BNL and functioning very well.
      * FNAL still using mail exchange and still behaving poorly. Some progress is being made. 
   * BDII Service Alerts
      * BDII monitors are now alarming on Tier 1 resources or 10% of resources not reporting. 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ChangeMgmt][Change Management Plan]] - Loosely based on ITIL concepts.

---+++ Current Work Items 

   * Focus on Stable Core Service and Responsive Support
      * BDII does need an upgrade, we are trying to schedule this for fall, need stakeholder buy-in before proceeding
   * Daily WLCG Meetings
   * Rob will be away from August 16th to September 27th
      * Kyle Gross will handle all Support Issues
      * Scott Teige will handle all Core Infrastructure Services Issues
      * Fred Luehrigh will handle finance and HR issues

---+++ Issues Concerns

   * No SLA for CERN BDII. 
   * Expected Increase in Tickets with LHC has not been seen. 
      * Using increased effort to strengthen Infrastructure group

     &lt;img src=&quot;%ATTACHURLPATH%/Picture_3.png&quot; alt=&quot;Picture_3.png&quot; width=&#39;515&#39; height=&#39;306&#39; /&gt;    

-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 03 Aug 2010

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.ppt][LIGO_104-August10.ppt]]: LIGO 1.0.4 Slides

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.pdf][LIGO_104-August10.pdf]]: LIGO 1.0.4 Slides (PDF)

