---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Suchandra, Brian, Tony, Steve Timm 

---++ Past Issues
   * Documentation still needs to be updated to reflect the changes in alter-attributes.conf (Brian) 
      * Template location changed in GIP 1.0.0 
      * Template mods not needed in GIP 1.0.2+ (not released yet...) 
   * GIP 1.0.2 
      * Changes are mainly minor but include changing the logging and the basics of how providers are run, so we want to make sure to get it right. 
      * Testing: Suchandra will recruit 
   * MPI Discussion 
      * Meeting on July 22. Andrew Howard will implement MPI first using the &lt;nop&gt;GlueSoftwareLocalID mechanism; after that is working he will add the non-Glue MPI custom attributes. Once they are happy with the results achieved with add-attributes.conf, we&#39;ll discuss how to create an information provider to do this dynamically 
   * Storage campaign -- Burt will talk to Ruth about effort 
   * Bug Review 
      * Most open bugs are fixed but need regression tests.  As far as the others:
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/16][16]]: Blacklisted queues still show up as &lt;nop&gt;GlueForeignKeys in &lt;nop&gt;GlueClusterUniqueID stanza. This is probably a 1.2 fix only since the Cluster is generated statically in GIP 1.0.x; it does not seem to break any implementation. Brian will verify. 
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/17][17]]: Dynamic dcache drops stanza for MIS at GLOW-CMS. Brian thinks this might be fixed in 1.0.1 and will verify and follow-up with Wisconsin. 
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/18][18]]: &lt;nop&gt;GlueLocationLocalID has a &lt;nop&gt;GlueChunkKey=GlueSubClusterUniqueID set to the &lt;nop&gt;GlueClusterUniqueID instead of the &lt;nop&gt;SubCluster. This is fixed in 1.2. Tony is investigating the current implementations to decide if we should fix in 1.0 and how. 

---++ Current Issues
   * State of the GIP 
      * OSG 1.2 is more or less in form from the developer point-of-view. It needs bulletproofing and outstanding feature requests to be fulfilled. 
      * There is no configure_gip needed any more -- all the information is generated dynamically from the attribute config files and providers. 
      * New dynamic Condor provider which generates a separate &lt;nop&gt;GlueCEUniqueID per accounting group since that is the closest thing Condor has to a queue. 
      * New dynamic LSF provider has been tested at CERN 
      * Many changes to dynamic dcache to comply with the [[https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/CCRC08SSWGMegatable][WLCG Dynamic Megatable]]. It shows not only srm-controlled space but gives a peek at the site&#39;s infrastructure (pools, pool groups, etc.). Extended to bind more than one path per VO per Storage Area. 
      * Burt is processing the information from the User&#39;s Liaison on feature requests for 1.2. Including: 
         * Better software advertising: currently we are using grid3-locations.txt only to advertise software. The implementation needs to change to write one file per VO in a VO-controlled area; we also will provide a simple API for adding a site (so that we can change the implementation under the hood in the future without affecting VO software maintainers). We also should so some basic LDAP syntax checking before publishing. 
 
   * New Bugs 
      * Gabriele reported some malformed data arriving at &lt;nop&gt;ReSS with blank &lt;nop&gt;GlueSiteName. It is suspected that this is a transient failure due to information being sent before the site is configured. Brian will modify the wrapper to check for osg-attributes.conf existence before populated the information system. 

---++ Next Meeting Wednesday Aug 15, 1 pm CDT

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 01 Aug 2008
