---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesMay30][May 30]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]]; [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]]; Diana Bonham; John Urish;
   * Apologies: 

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

Chris/Jeff: We seem to have a corruption issue on the developement database each time we restart the sql and collectors.

Chris: let&#39;s test what is doing the corruption by restarting in steps.

---++Collector

Philippe: VAPP (OSG SAM) collector infrastructure is ready for the VAPP developer to use and flush out.

Penelope: I am done with the CVS restructuring and trying to get the configuration issues sorted out.
I made it work on the linux servers.   I have some issues on making the code find the proper configurations.

Philippe: We should work on this together after the meeting.

Philippe: We are targeting for a release on June 15 (for VDT 7.0.1).

---++Report development

Jeff: Stored procedures not used for all reports.
Some reports use sql that has VO and SiteName filtering in report rather than sql. If we want to keep reports/stored procedures to minimal number but have actual sql available to users, we will need to move filtering from report to stored procedures and add new parameters to stored procedures:
-        ForVO
-        VOName
-        ForSite
-        SiteName
A number of report changes were made and committed:
-        Drill-through implemented for weekly charts.
-        Process accounting reports cleaned up.
-        Report menu reorganized.

Working with 3 versions of BIRT 
-        BIRT 2.0.1         Current production
-        BIRT 2.1            Karthik&amp;#8217;s dcache reporting 
-        BIRT 2.2            Report library and viewer work.
 UI differences in versions slows down progress a bit We may want  to move Karthik to 2.2 although BIRT books are at 2.1.
Karthik needs to discuss summary table requirements for dcache reporting.
Library and template functionality now understood and tested. I might be able to proceed with partial implementation with current Birt 2.0.1.
Requests from users for new reports and enhancements need review. 

Penelope:  I read about the Birt 2.2 viewers (New birt viewer: http://www.eclipse.org/birt/phoenix/deploy/viewerSetup.php).
You might/should be able to add your customization to the library/reports.

---++Probes

Philippe: VAPP (OSG SAM) probe infrastructure is ready for the VAPP developer to use and flush out.

---++Storage Probe

---++Test Bed

John U and W: we are making slow progress ... however the distractions are actually related 
(aka setting/understanding voms/gums/etc. servers).

Chris: As a quick stop gap, we set up Marguarita&#39;s test on gratia-vm02  and she seems to be set for now.

---++Metrics

John U.: As reported to the OSG director, Gratia can not yet make useful use of the survey information.
However the OSG director still thinks we should pursue it.

---++Any Other Business

Chris: There is some discrepancy between the VORS registration and Gratia Sites, which includes some sites
(like CDF And Dzero farms) at Fermilab.
