---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesFeb12][February 12]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Monday at 3:30pm CST, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]], [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]], [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]], Jon Urish,  [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]]
   * Apologies: [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]]

---++Test Bed
John Weigand: I am looking at the Gratia.py library and the condor_meter.pl and trying to understand how to test.
Philippe: You could disable the upload of the data (by setting the server to some a bad nodename) and look at the resulting xml files which will still be on your disk.
Chris G: We also need to understand where the log file are in WS Gram.
John Weigand: I will look for them ....
---++Probes
Chris G: So far our test of the Condor 6.9 Gratia is positive.  The one place where we are missing information (compared to the Condor 6.8  Gratia Probe).  
John W: In order to get all the information about the managedfork, we needed a fix in the managed forked package.  And we still can not support fork job for WS Gram since there is no managed forked module for it.
Philippe: Well maybe Gram should write a Gratia Probe for the raw forked jobs.
---++Storage Probe
Chris G: We are correcting one new problem affecting the dcache probe.  The fix is being tested by the DCache developer.
---++Collector/Report development
Philippe: What is the status of the addition of &quot;Resource Type&quot;

Chris: I am wading through the sql codes needs to be update (to support the summary tables).  In the process I am improving the coding.

Penelope: Need to add the code that fixes the safari display problem to CVS and update cd-psg2. At this point no one has replied that it works and I do not have a mac to test it ( http://gratia-vm01.fnal.gov:8880/gratia-reporting )
Started work on the reports to add the chosen report name on the web page. So far no progress as I do not know why extra parameters are not parsed. Need to look more at the code. 
Updated the Twiki with the report table that Jeff created. Needs more work. 

Jeff: The OSG reports, have been updated to all used the summary and to avoid a second (mostly useless query).  So, they are ready to uploaded.

Chris: I will upload those reports asap.  I have updated the upload method to configure the set of reports being seen (now it is configurable in the startup instead of having to modify the file by hand).

---++Psacct reports.

Chris: I uploaded the new version.

Jeff: There are now 5 reports including percentage utilization, 12 months reports.

Jeff: One of the report is still slow.

Philippe: Please send me the query.

Jeff: Some of the stored procedure that were used in some reports has mysteriously disappeared.  So I will need to recreate them.

---++Metrics
John U: I am working through the implementation of GIP and how it put things in the GLUE schema.
Glue schema 1.3 (should) contains all the information we need.  It is hard to find detailed information
on how GIP is working; I am working through it.
John U: I am coordinating with Rob Quick on a way to find the information on who is responsible for which Site.
I have access to a web page with the information but I would like to get it in a more programatic way.  (I am now
in contact with Kyle).
Philippe: I am putting the finishing touch on a daily report on how much of a resource has been used by its owner
vs other VOs.  So far I have sketchy information about which VOs &#39;owns&#39; which Site.
Philippe: I also have problem with subgroups which I do not know whether they &#39;own&#39; the resource of the parent
VO (and if so, to what degree).

---++Any Other Business

-- Main.PhilippeCanal - 12 Feb 2007
