---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  &lt;nop&gt;%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Tuesday November 17, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 10:00 am Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 3333 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.KyleGross Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.MarcoMambelli, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel
---++++Regrets


---++ Agenda/%BLUE%Notes%ENDCOLOR%

---+++1. Review of Items from Last Meeting
   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established - Robert/Jim  %BLUE% Jim has the fonts for each heading level in a css file. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Testing TWiki plugin to meet feature needs - See TechnologyUsed for a list of features and proposed technology.  See [[https://twiki-itb.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/DocumentationTeam/PluginGallery][PluginGallery]] for examples. - Robert/Kyle  %BLUE% Some are working.  See Next Steps. %ENDCOLOR%   1 Complete analysis and then a proposal for Storage Documentation that can be reviewed - Tanya/Jim
   1 Tanya will review the remaining documents in StorageDocReview.  %BLUE% Tanya finished reviewing and marking the disposition of all the documents (except for the new HADOOP docs being actively developed.) %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Robert will edit Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone to incorporate his comments (and Tanya&#39;s HDFS -&gt; NFS) which were discussed at this meeting.  %BLUE% Robert has done some of the changes and resolved questions for the remaining issues in this meeting. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Tanya will send mail to Alain and Suchandra to resolve the naming of gridftp vs. gsiftp.  %BLUE% Done and gsiftp will be changed to !GridFTP everywhere including the !Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone install document will be renamed to !GridFTPStandAlone. %ENDCOLOR%

---+++2. Separation of Documents under Development from Production Documents
   * Discuss current technique of ITB team and what is needed for the Documentation Alignment.  %BLUE% Great discussion of the process used by the integration team.  A picture of the ITB process can be found at Trash/Trash/Integration.ReleaseProcess.  The resulting conclusions were:
      1 For major releases with many changes, the release documentation tree will be copied to the ITB TWiki and then modified for the new release.  When the release goes to production, this tree will become the new production tree and the old tree will be moved to the a previous release tree.  Changes that are made to improve documents that are independent of the new release will have to be made in the ITB and production TWiki.
      1 For point releases with few changes, the documentation will be modified with notes and a new document tree will not be created.
      1 For point releases with changes concentrated in a particular area, only that area will be copied to the ITB TWiki for extensive modification and then put into production as above.  (Note that the entire documentation tree will have to be preserved under the previous release number and the new release tree is formed with the previous tree with the modified area.  This will become possible after the documentation is reorganized into directories related to the architecture. %ENDCOLOR%

---+++3. Storage System Documentation
   * The organizational view suggests we should focus specific documentation for:
      * Small VO (i.e. University)
      * CMS T3
      * ATLAS T3
   * Discussion of current storage documents in ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome.   See StorageDocReview. %BLUE% Tanya reviewed all these documents and added dispositions to each document. %ENDCOLOR%
   * Discussion of the current storage documents within the storage team area.  (Hadoop documents are being created there now.)  See StorageDocReview#StorageTeam  %BLUE% Tanya produced a new organization structure for all OSG storage documents and distributed it via email for comment.  The teamed like the new structure and wants to add a high level storage info grouping by storage function showing the options within OSG.  Then the new structure can be modified so each software area fits in a functional grouping. %ENDCOLOR%

---+++4. Next Steps
   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established - Robert/Jim  %BLUE% Jim will send a css definition for heading fonts to Kyle to try on the Documentation Team web.  We will be able to test it on any page to make sure it doesn&#39;t cause problems before making it TWiki wide. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 %BLUE% Tanya will need to be able to delete pages from storage web to effect the reorganization.  Kyle will give her authority to do that. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Testing TWiki plugin to meet feature needs - See TechnologyUsed for a list of features and proposed technology - Robert/Kyle %BLUE% Kyle will concentrate on getting the Peer plugin to work this week and try to get some of the others functioning. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Complete analysis and then a proposal for Storage Documentation that can be reviewed - Tanya/Jim %BLUE% Tanya will modify her storage documentation structure to incorporate the functional view and structure the technologies by function.%ENDCOLOR%


-- Main.JamesWeichel - 13 Nov 2009
