11.30 am Chicago time

---+++ Attendees: Kent, Rob, Maxim, Ruth, Alain, Doug, Paul, Frank

Appologies: Chander, Miron

---+++   OSG 0.8.0
Rob: on downhill side of release. all services validated. would be good to have more VO Validation. 5 sites remain open as VO validation sites. Remaining: Documentation; CMS, DZero, Information services; lots of work validating RESS is done.
time from &quot;good to go&quot; to GOC availability is short - 1 week?
small doc face to face 18/19 at fermi: Rob, Alain would come. Alert John W; ask Steve T.

---+++    State of the Facility -- Site Coordination meetings; Security
presentation on metrics; updated site admins on schedule for release; additional site admins from Trash/Trash/Integration meeting; Format seemed to work well. Next meeting would include Shaowen and a Troubleshooting campaign to help sites deploy. Rob will create a survey for admins to fill out to help them plan. Make a list of what new capability is needed by each of the VOs - ask the users group about this. 
Storage tickets - Rob complained about lack of follow up. Alain sent mail to Ted; no response yet. 
VOMS-admin vulnerability fix: expected by the end of this week. 

---+++    Status of Engagement
Maxim - Charmm asked for help running application on MPI. Purdue identified as first site to try this on. Mats outlined the issues discovered in their document. Charmm will supply self contained tar to Preston. Decision in users support meeting was to augment the glue schema and make information about the compilers etc available in the information system. Mats working on a document of specific requirements and expectations. 

---++ Extensions  WMS responsibilities

To get PANDA production using the glidein WMS need a stable GCB. Interested in using digitally signed software executable package. Continuing to work on the pilot factory. Installed the glidein WMS at BNL. May incorporate glexec into the pilot factory. Expectation that Maxim will organize appropriate phone meetings to discuss this using the osg-wms mail list. 

4.2.1 Support OSG VOs in building, deploying and operating Workload Management Systems (WMS) that are based on just-in time job scheduling and the integration of tools used by these WMS in to the VDT	Maxim Potekhin
-- ATLAS, Charmm

4.2.1.1 Deliver phase 1 into OSG 1.0	Maxim Potekhin
--- Maxim and Alain to talk. 

4.2.2.  Manage the allocation of compute and storeage resources allocated to the OSG-ET by OSG sites and/or external resource providers.  	Maxim Potekhin
-- need a discussion of what this means. 

4.2.3 Operate and support the hardware upon which the WMS service for OSG VO is instantiated.	Michael Ernst
-- currently use existing machines. 

---+++   Requirements for OSG 1.0 and associated VDT production release.
Alain will send the list to the ETP. Franks input to the plan is that the transition results in no complaints with operational stability after the upgrade. Last upgrade resulted in 2-3 months of instability. This is out of the question for the next update. Process to follow to finalize content of 1.0. Prioritization of v1.0 deliverables at next weeks ETP meeting; Discussion with EGEE next Wednesday. Voms-admin developers visit for V1.0 - what are the dates? 

---+++ Resource Managers
12 of 17 SOWs reviewed by RMs. Finance Board meeting Nov 2nd agenda will be posted today. OSG - Gratia all day meeting. Performance, Gratia proposing monthly releases with improvements in reporting. expect that the project will need to continue a couple of years. 

Partnership with NYSGrid. 
Kent: one comment on agreement that is not aligned with the site operations policy; the site operations policy is the lowest common denominator. This agreement reflects that this subset of sites has a more inclusive policy. Paul was happy with it with caveat to check on security. Frank will read it. 


-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 Oct 2007
