---+++ Attendees : 
   * Rob S., Doug, Dan, Marco
&lt;!-- Rob S., Doug, Tanya, Marco --&gt;

---+++ Coordinates
   * Wednesday  3/16 at 10am central (Chicago)
   * phone: 1 866 740 1260   
   * code:  2625776   

---+++ Agenda/Minutes
   * OSG AH report
   * aob

---+++ Minutes
---++++ OSG AH report
On Monday lunch time there has been a discussion about xrootd
Here a summary of key points from Tim Cartwright
   * Andy, Tanya, Doug B., and I will make and publish a set of requirements to complete an initial VDT xrootd RPM.                                                                                    
   * Once the requirements are understood, the VDT team (probably Tanya and Doug S.) will make the necessary changes to the existing source RPM and publish a testing release.                                                                                                     
   * Tim will work with Andy to push a few small but packaging-relevant changes upstream to the xrootd source code.                                                                                            
   * Longer term, this group will continue to work together to design and build a VDT xrootd configuration package.                                                                                                      
Doug reminded about his email mentioning the missing parts that will be added soon to the VDT RPM to make it usable (RPM with minimum functionality) while waiting for a more complete package taking care of the configuration.

Burt reported some elements that he&#39;d like added to the VDT (see Burt&#39;s talk in CMS Tier 3 meeting),
   * add in VDT some CE settings  
   * add cleanup functionality 
   * see email:&lt;pre&gt;Hi Alain,

At the &quot;care and feeding of a gatekeeper&quot; talk I gave at the workshop yesterday, I mentioned a couple of best practices for
sysadmins.  These best practice, IMHO, are items that the VDT should be packaging to create a better OSG gatekeeper.  One idea is
relatively new, but I&#39;ve dropped the ball by not pushing for the others over the last few years.  Our diligent Tier 3 admins have
encouraged me to stay the course.

Please consider these to be official requests for CMS.  I view them as priorities to be tackled right after native packaging for the
OSG worker node client.

1. We need tools that are enabled by default to clean up the cruft that failed globus jobs leave behind in the user home directories
and the globus tmp directories.  Default file lifetimes should be eminently reasonable for all sites (30 days, for example).

2. We should decrease the priority of the globus-gatekeeper process by keeping a nice level of 20 by default.  I believe there is an
long outstanding VDT ticket asking for this feature.

3. We should increase and randomize the default globus poll interval.  I believe it&#39;s set to 5 seconds now.  Brian suggested adding a
sleep(10 + rand(10)) to the poll.  This would lower load in general, but also help to prevent hundreds of g-j-m processes firing off
at once if they get accidentally synchronized (typically by a busy I/O resource getting less busy all of a sudden, for example).

Let me know your thoughts, and when you think I should follow up with you on the status.
&lt;/pre&gt;

PROOF may become of interest for both ATLAS and CMS, anyway no action item at the moment.

The session planning could be improved. Parallel session could be coordinated better in term of contents. 
   * there vere overlaps between sessions (Xrootd talk was done twice)
   * frequently more than one interesting talk was happening in parallel
If would have been nice if the ATLAS and CMS sessions folded into the plenary.

Some ideas for the future:
   * Put days close for people with similar interest
   * Spread across more days to allow to attend more (e.g. VO meetings could start on Monday, plenary ends on Friday)

There will be a US-ATLAS Boston meeting in August

There will be a OSG meeting end of July or August (site admins + campusgrid). CMS may be interested in piggy back a VO specific Tier 3 workshop. Would be interesting for ATLAS but travel budget is used for CERN.

---++++ wlcg-client and wlcg-client-lite
These are small modifications to OSG client specific for ATLAS.
   * Charles Waldman will be in charge of the project
   * Marco will keep working and help as necessary to ease the switch  
   * Marco will remain as support from the OSG side

 
---+++ Significant/Action Items 

Tim or Tanya will lead forward with xrootd

Burt submitted VDT tickets about the reported issues

Security team members will attend the next meeting in 2 weeks


---+++ Meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group


-- Main.MarcoMambelli - 03 Mar 2011
