---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Oct07][October 7]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

Chris: v1.06 going through its last round of testing.   Release likely to be made shortly.   Performance has improved by a factor 2 compared to v1.04.

Chris: The upgrade to v1.06 will incur a downtime due to the size increase of _XML columns.

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

Dan: Going smoothly.
Deployment of upgrade has slipped (now looking at mid-november).

Dan: Size-wise the DB has apparently plateau-ed

---++RSV

Nothing reported.

---+OSG Issues

Brian: I added more local probe to the Gratia subversion repository even-though they are not OSG probes.
In particular the HapDoop probe, a real storage probe that Nebraska is using heavily.   I am working on a
posix version of the probe (for DCache).   In HaDoop du is &#39;constant&#39; time.   For the posix du will not be
constant time, so it would need to be handled with care.   

The 2nd probe monitors the Condor &#39;evict&#39; events.

Renaming Sites, in the Nebraska&#39;s graphic report we now support both the resource group name and resource name.

---+WLCG

If we release before Nov 1st. the first DN will be send to WLCG by November 16.

---+Fermi/CD

New development are planned but no manpower has been allocated (i.e. new hire)

---+Developments

---++DN summarization (John Hover)

Done.

---++BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

Brian: Nothing to report.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Karthik: Finished with upgrade to use OIM information in VOs report.

Philippe: Unfortunately you need to upgrade yet another report.  Thanks.

---++FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

Brian: Still pending in FastTrax.

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

Still debugging my installation.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
