---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---++ Attendees
Alain, Rob Quick, Gabriele, Brian, Mine, and Chander (Dan did not attend)

---++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico to show
   * March 11-14, 2013 OSG All Hands Meeting (Indianapolis)
   * March 14-15 2013 OSG Council Face-to-Face (Indianapolis)

---++ Follow-up Action Items
 
---++ Software - Alain Roy

My previous report to the Area Coordinators was [[20120426AgendaMinutes][April 25, 2012]].

Highlights since the last report:

   * [[Documentation.Release3.ReleaseNotes][Three minor releases]] (3.1.1, 3.1.2, 3.1.3) that addressed bugs, not new features. Each release has featured Globus GRAM bug fixes. 
   * [[http://research.cs.wisc.edu/condor/CondorWeek2012/][Condor Week 2012]]: Affected effort from Alain, Mat, Tim &amp; Scot
   * [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1108][CHEP 2012: paper]]
   * Testing improvments.

---+++ Planning: Short-term

We&#39;re in a bit of a lull. Due to distractions from Condor Week and CHEP, we don&#39;t have a clear set of objectives for the next couple of releases. I am resolving this problem this week. We are going to focus on an end of June release  that will focus on improvements to the software stack, but not many new features. Likely candidates:

   * Globus GRAM updates (these may be released earlier, if available)
   * Software updates
      * Condor 7.8.0
      * GUMS (simplify installation, not changes to GUMS itself)
      * Select upgrades from EMI-2? TDB.
   * !CernVMFS client (Question for the audience: state of requirements for the server?)
   * Updated version of Bestman that improves 

---+++ Planning: Long-term 

Some notable extracts from our planning for next year. 

   * CREAM: I talked to Michael Ernst and John Hover, and ATLAS still definitely wants this
   * Support the evolution of the Compute Element based on technology group&#39;s recommendations
   * Campus Grid support:
      * Update to Condor 7.8.x
      * Add BOSCO v1 (June)
      * Update to BOSCO v2 (December)
   * Add !DigiCert command-line tools (August)
   * SHA-2 transition
      * Complete testing of non-Bestman software (TBD, July)
      * Update Bestman to work with SHA-2 (Sharma/Strain, December)
   * Testing:
      * Expand test suite coverage
      * Oversee and maintain the integration testbed
      * Improve test harness driver
      * Improve control over sequencing of tests
   * Evaluations (Ongoing, Sfiligoi)  Evaluations are as-needed and likely include:
      * Condor 7.8.x readiness
      * BOSCO v1 and v2 readiness
      * Bestman with SHA-2 support readiness
      * !GlideinWMS, evaluate readiness of new versions
      * Others, TBD
   * Upgrade to HDFS 0.2.3 for CMS.
   * Add Pakiti (security team request)
   * Non-RPM worker node
   * Configuration management 
      * Write proposal for alternative configuration management (Cartwright, September)
      * Expand work plan appropriately (Roy, September)

---+++ Testing

We&#39;ve been making steady progress in improving our testing framework. Recently we have been focused on reporting results clearly so that we can understand what has happened with our increasingly large set of tests. 

You can see the latest test results at: http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/software_testing/results/ We&#39;re having infrastructure problems with Red Hat installations, so unfortunately we have to ignore that for now.

---+++ 2012 OSG User School

The [[Education.OSGUserSchool2012][OSG User School]] is coming together well. Students have been accepted and their travel logistics have been completed. (Travel logistics have taken considerable effort.) Tim is finalizing the [[Education.UserSchool12Schedule][agenda]]. The instructors are:

   * Alain Roy (Local HTC with Condor)
   * Igor Sfiligoi (Distributed HTC with !GlideinWMS &amp; Security)
   * Derek Weitzel (Storage)
   * Greg Thain (Turning science workflows into grid jobs)

Alain is working with local support staff to set up the local infrastructure to support the school. 

Tim and Greg are working on some new ideas for structuring the portion of the school that focuses on turning science workflows into grid jobs. This year we&#39;ll be doing less lecture and more hands-on scenarios. Students will form small groups and engage with a &quot;scientist&quot; (aka school staff member) to turn their science application into a grid workflow. The science application will be based on a real workflow done in the Spalding lab here at the UW-Madison. 

---+++ Extending software triage duty

We currently have a weekly OSG Software triage duty: we rotate responsibility for initial user support ticket triage between all members of the software team that are at least 50% time. 

I am planning to extend the responsibilities for triage duty to include looking over the daily testing results. This will both ensure the results are being looked at and will help people have a broader knowledge of what is happening. 

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzogio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Can pending REQUESTS-43 (CVMFS for CMS) be part of REQUESTS-37 (CVMFS for OSG and Intensity Frontier)?
