---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Dec03][December 03]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

Chris: We fixed a problem that prevented remote collector from communicating the version number of the probe connecting to them. 

Philippe: We ought to make a patch release sometimes in January.

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi
   * DZero and Unknowns.

This seems to have been fixed as of November 4th and Brian has not yet specify where it was.

---+++RSV
   * RSV Collector Upgrade.
Arvind: upgrade to v1.00 is smooth but some issue with preserving the data; still working out the re-import of the data.
Rob: What happened?
Chris: The &#39;old&#39; collector was update to support &#39;PerformanceData&#39; but the replication code was buggy (sending PerformanceData 
in lieu of the DetailsData).  

   * Gratia RSV Probe.
Chris: I have written it and did some testing but not yet tested on PBS and LSF (due to the lack of test system).
Rob: Would you like us to try to find a volunteer?
Chris: Yes for PBS (Preston?) [For LSF I&#39;ll ask Alan Sill]
  
   * Monitoring &#39;RSV&#39;

Rob: How do we current advertised failure in the probe upload?
Arvind: we currently publish report that list both the test failures and the failure to upload the data.
Arvind: web site showing this information is being developed (it&#39;s almost there).

   * OIM

Chris: We asked last week for some updates to OIM, we have one more.  It would be nice to
have the ability for VO admin to enter themselves a list/table connecting FQANs with &#39;pretty name&#39;
This would allow the VO to determine a set of groups to report on.

---++OSG 

   * new probe version reports.

This has been put in place.

   * Should we deprecated (i.e. no longer support) some older probe release?

Mine: OSG only support the current and previous release (0.8.0 as of today).
Philippe: Gratia will only drop support for anything older than 0.8.0.

   * Validation?

Ruth: I would like to compare Gratia and Panda information.
We should have a meeting with Mine, Brian and Philippe to look the information.

Ruth: We should review what Horst is sending to the OSG daily database.

   * Job Monitoring (help from BNL) / Ian Stokes&#39; questions about jobs success.

Ruth: Trying to understand the Ian Stokes issues where the job succeeded
in the batch system but failed something between there and the user 
(possibly in the file upload back).  

Ruth: Could we put information from Condor-G that we can put in the accounting
system?  Can somebody call up the Condor team to see how this can be 
incorporated?

Steve: We may need to account on each and every client?

Philippe: We should have Condor-G embeed a probe.

Steve: However you can not make this work, you would never know what an OSG job is.

Chris: In my opinion, this is a GRAM responsibility (it might have to wait for Gram Auditing).

Philippe: I will refresh the definition of what an OSG jobs is.

---++Oustanding tickets
   * Gratia problem with nanoHUB ISSUE=5986 PROJ=71

---++WLCG 

Rien a Signaler.

---++Fermi/CD

Rien a Signaler.

---++Development
   * VO Reports?
Mine: We will put the zero-th order requirement document in docdb soon.
Chris: The reports are about ready to go.
   * Horst Request for graphs with success information.
This is done in Brian&#39;s interface.
   * CMS:
Mine: CMS is wanting to do some cross-check of the data between Gratia and their DashBoard.  no requirement gathered yet.
   * Use the OIM ownership information.
This is ready for OIM point of view.

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

Philippe Canal.
