---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Tuesday 16 Nov 2010
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Tuesday 16 November 2010&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting: TBD&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Anthony Tiradani&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Alberto Di Meglio&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Balesh ??&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Burt Holzman&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Maarten Litmaath&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Topics of Discussion
Scope of Activity
   * Five areas of interoperability 
      * Accounting
      * Computing/Storage (Clouds, VMS)
      * Information Systems
      * Security Infrastructure
      * Monitoring

What are the concrete deliverables for this effort?
   * Place to put requests
   * Testing platforms/activities
   * Reports on activities via twiki pages and meeting minutes

Who are the right people to attend this meeting?
   * Maarten will find out who should have this activity as part of their agenda on the WLCG side.

Bullet points for next meeting(s):
   * Information Systems
      * Cease Glue 1 publishing?  (See Stephen Burke&#39;s CHEP slides)
      * Tool support for Glue 1 information going forward
      * proposed evolution of the Information Systems (See Laurence&#39;s CHEP slides)
   * Computing/Storage
      * Share proposed technical plans
      * CREAM CE
   * Accounting
      * New APEL
   * Misc
      * &quot;messaging&quot; - what services will be impacted
   * Security Infrastructure
      * Authorization

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 16 Nov 2010
