---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Chander, Gabriele, Shawn, Mine, Rob Q., Rob G. Scott, Tim T, Tim C

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Suggestions for new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]], Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Brian Bockelman - Technology

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Personnel: Marian Zvada ramping up; no news on the other UNL hire.
   2. HTCondor-CE in production at UNL. Goal to shift all OSG traffic through it in 1 week. The change is transparent to the users (affects factory configuration only). Despite the progress, this activity is late according to the plan (expected 20% of overall traffic by Jan 1 2014, have &lt; 1%).
   3. Written development plan for OASIS v2. Expecting preview release early in Apr.
   4. OSG Provisioning - generating architecture document: expect draft in Feb (2 months delay). Expect OSG Provisioning to supersede CrossOSG-CE (currently in hold).
   5. OSG Technology area organizing a 1-day planning retreat in Feb at FNAL.


Top Issues / Concerns
   1. OSG security software stack - GUMS is accumulating several small issues. There are not may fora to discuss these.
   2. BOSCO support - down to 1 person, from 3.
   3. No progress on glideinWMS monitoring


Key Accomplishments
   1. HTCondor-CE in production at UNL.


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 09 Jan 2014

