---+!! Minutes of the OSG Executive Team 
%TOC%

---++ Attending
Paul, Kent, Leigh, Miron, Frank, Ruth, Alain

---++ Agenda 
   * Any info on funding
   * LIGO Application status including any action items from recent mail threads? (Subject: Batch System Startup Directory)
   * ATLAS offer of resources
   * Discussion with Glue-X - Leigh
   * Status of Globus patch and its deployment plan - can be an email before the meeting.
   * Prioritization of work for VDT  [[%ATTACHURL%/VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls][VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls]]
   * External meetings: WLCG Review; GGF; ?
   * Internal meetings: Campus Grids; VDS?; WMS extensions   .
   * AOB

---++Any info on funding. 
How does money flow:
Expectation on OSG as a project. We are creating a WBS as if people are all on board? We should not. Make an honest plan. Need to trust the system that if $ are not spent in the first year they are rolled over to the 6th year. Students who are not full FTEs? 

0.5 FTE for User Group work for OSG. The Resources Co-managers and Executive Director agree that Frank will approach Harvey to fund Ilya for 6 months 50% from OSG to continue his current good work.

---++ LIGO Application Issues
0.5.0 on ITB test success. 2 sites using &quot;NFS-lite&quot; have configuration issues with initial directory on job scheduler  have broken LIGO model. Information is providers is not accurate. New configurations, things are out of date. Stating functional requirements for Storage for file system technologies. Validity scope of the information? Condor.pm changes on local sites which are not advertised. Propose offline meeting next week: Leigh arrange -- Miron, DavidM, Leigh

---++Glue-X
Need to provide text that we would suggest be included in the PIF to show collaboration with and benefit from OSG.

---++Globus Patch
Need an offline discussion with some resulting action items that will mean the process is less work and more smooth, and what we need from Globus or others that would improve this process the next time round:  Miron, Alain. Goal is to rebuild VDT in less than 24hours with &quot;any&quot; patch.

---++ATLAS Offer of Resources
From Razvan 8/30/06:  
USATLAS will use less computing resources during approximately next 2 weeks, potentially leaving idle cycles. It would be a good opportunity to provide OSG support. Internally, we?ve alerted our personnel that they should make sure the OSG access is functional, but we would also like to make you aware of this opportunity. I fear that the recent limited amount of resources available to OSG might have discouraged work submission to USATLAS sites. An encouragement might be useful. 
 Could you help us distribute this information?
 Thanks,
Razvan

Offer communicated through the Users Group and Ilya will be the coordination point. Ilya gave the good advice to file a goc ticket. 
CDF will try to take advantage of this.
LIGO will work with Ilya to see if can take advantage. Will be testing submission of very large workflows. Need to authenticate. 

---++VDT work
Alain:  will send list of rest of VDT work than for OSG 0.6.0 as well as contacts he has from other organizations. 
Alain: Might be useful to have more information about who is downloading and using the VDT. OSG also needs to do this. Pacman can be used to download outside of the web site. Does Pacman have statistics? 
Offline meeting: Ruth arranges: Miron, Alain, Leigh, Ruth,  to firm up the specification.
Plan to revise the spreadsheet in one month with the understanding Alain will sound the alarm whenever necessary in between. 

-- Main.RuthPordes - 31 Aug 2006
 

