---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---++ Attendees
Ruth Pordes, Chander Sehgal, Brian Bockelman, Gabriele Garzoglio, Alain Roy, Rob Quick, Mine Altunay, Dan Fraser

---++ Follow-up Action Items

   * Need to setup a peer review of Public storage proposal within OSG - Levshina
   * Re-energize the quarterly Trash/Trash/Blueprint meetings  - Bockelman/Hover
   * Clarify requirements for the ATLAS request called &quot;Make OSG more HTTP friendly&quot;; don&#39;t proceed to any real work till requirements are documented and approved - Bockelman


---++ Technology Area Update - Brian Bockelman


---++ Stakeholder Request System Update - Gabriele Garzoglio

   * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 14 Nov 2011

