---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Tuesday June 14th, 2011
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Link to minutes from May Face to Face [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Minutes2011May19Thursday][Thursday 19]] [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Minutes2011May20Friday][Friday 20]]

   * Attending: Horst Severini, Michael Ernst, Paul Avery, Ruth Pordes, Rick Snider, Bob Clare, John McGee, Alain Roy, Chander Seghal, David Swanson
   * Regrets:

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   * Time of teleconference 

%BLUE% *minutes:*
Doodle poll did not indicate a consensus for a new date or time, but there may have been confusion over times, so will revisit again. The poll revealed several times that were equivalent to the current time, which suggested some flexibility in how we schedule the meeting, even if there is no strong push to move it.%ENDCOLOR%

   * SuperB VO

%BLUE% *minutes:* – collected votes. No dissents = approved.
Process:  GOC sends email welcoming them, invite them to ops group meeting, added to list and Chander gets in the loop.  Rob normally approves for GOC seeing that Council has approved, but it would be appropriate for chairs to confirm to Rob. Paul will do this.%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ACTION:  
Paul Avery to inform Rob Quick that SuberB is approved by Council as a VO. (Completed).

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * Executive Director report
      * We have heard nothing further about the 2 proposals (NSF, DOE ASCR SciDAC-3). The ET is interested if additional  Council members besides US ATLAS and US CMS representatives who are already doing this, can think of ways they can be supportive of the continuation of OSG with the funding agencies. Are there plans also for the next JOG meeting in October?
      * The Executive Team held a phone meeting with DOE program managers. Slides attached.
      * The [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Education/OSGSummerSchool2011][OSG Summer School]] will be june 26th-30th in Madison. Preparations are well underway
      * We are preparing a poster for the SciDAC Conference and hope to also show the display - Miron, Lothar, Ruth, Derek
      * We are ramping up for the planning of the FY12 program of work and the staff retreat at the end of July. The current allocation would leave $100K of unallocated contingency and a &quot;fall of the cliff date&quot; of April 1 2012. The next step is to develop the impact statement and send it to DOE OHEP as requested by Lali Chatterjee.
      * NEES will include access to OSG as part of the software release in July. Work is ongoing to have this be a successful outcome.[[http://nees.org/announcements/neesupdatejune2011]]

%BLUE% *minutes*

Miriam Boon will be working half time on OSG communications as of July.

NEES doesn’t have resources but is at Purdue who does. 
Chander:  Allocation in future – cycles and storage? Yes. Allocation and policies need to cover the need.  %ENDCOLOR%

   * Planning for the future of the VDT - Alain Roy (Software Coordinator) 
      * Documents:  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/CommunityPackagingProposal][Community Packaging Proposal]] and [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/NPTransition][Draft Transition document]] 
      * We have been looking carefully at the software packaging strategy for the next generation of OSG and are planning to make some important changes in the VDT that will help us provide better service to our community. The most significant of these changes is the transition from a Pacman based distribution to a distribution model based on RPMs (possibly incorporating additional Debian support in 2012). System administrators as well as users are expected to benefit from being able to more quickly deploy and use software updates and new OSG capabilities. Packaging with Pacman requires that all software must be completely repackaged, even if it is already packaged in some other format. By adopting a native package model within OSG, many new software capabilities that are increasingly being released natively can directly pass through into the latest OSG testing repository without need for extensive repackaging. Of course the OSG Software team will continue to provide the extensive test bed, VTB, and ITB testing that the OSG community has come to depend on.
      * We are planning for a freeze on Pacman package updates fairly quickly (June 2011), and expect to provide production-quality RPMs for Red Hat/Scientific Linux 5 to OSG stakeholders late this year and enable gradual transitions throughout 2012.
      * We are currently working on a plan to manage this transition and provide tools and support to help sites and VOs make the transition occur smoothly. The plan is still in draft form.
%BLUE% *minutes:*
Question - Rick: Impact of fact that it will limit the platform? Answer: minimal. Biggest outlier is NERSC – SuSe Linux. %ENDCOLOR%

   * Status of preparing the NSF Annual Report - Chander Sehgal / Paul Avery
      * Process unchanged from last report - Chander &amp; Paul serve as editors
         * Main document   [[%ATTACHURL%/Outline_-_OSG_NSF_2011_Annual_Report.pdf][(see outline attached as a pdf)]]
         * Production on OSG Metrics attachment 
         * Publications using OSG attachment
      * All inputs were due yesterday but still missing some contributions; follow-up in progress
      * Chander expects to have clean version of sections 3, 4, 5, 6 by Friday, June 17; then transition document to Paul for inclusion of section 2
      * Then Ruth, Paul, Chander will provide/update section 1 - Executive Summary
      * Goal: Complete and in NSF FastLane by June 30
%BLUE% *minutes:*
Discussion – could be useful to have co-chairs visit NSF with ED – put this offline and consider for August.

Workshop:  Richard Mount and David Skinner were asked to co-chair an ASCR workshop that aims to shape the direction of their collaboratories program for
the next ten years.  This program has funded activities such as the Open
Science Grid, the Earth Systems Grid and middleware developments (see
http://www.scidac.gov/collabs.html).

According to Richard there is some sense from ASCR that more of the same
is not the right answer.  There is a desire to see truly cross-cutting
tools, and not simply productive environments for individual
disciplines.  One of the goals of the workshop is to understand the
extent to which this desire could be translated into reality.

This came up in the context of plans to submit a proposal in response to the ASCR SciDAC-3 call in the fall of 2011, and the need to understand what DOE wants in the area of collaboratories and how OSG could best fit into their current and future
programs. The other, practical, question in this context is, in view of this workshop indicating DOE is looking for input from the scientific communities, does it make sense at all for us to submit the proposal this year? %ENDCOLOR%

---++++ACTION:
Council asks ED to clarify with Richard Mount and David Skinner about workshop.

---+++ The following actions from the minutes of the last Council meeting  can be reported on

   * Staffing plans, impact - part of ED report

   * Post All Hands March 19-23, 2012, on OSG home - done; announcements elsewhere  - will be included in newsletters.

   * Request that for next council meeting, ET will cull the documents to say what council (including council chair) does now and present that. ET will circulate it one week before Aug meeting.
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilInDocuments

   * Michael Ernst talk with Bill Johnston and Steve Cotter and report to council co-chairs.  Co-chairs will ask Kathy Yelick for a replacement for Bill
%BLUE% *minutes:*
Clarify importance of ESNet and NERSC representation on council.  Bill is on board and wanted to communicate to Steve directly.  Steve is a bit concerned about Bill’s engagement; Bill is officially retired.  Has agreed to be liaison with ESNet.  Communication is going well, and Michael expects the two to get back to him soon.%ENDCOLOR%

   * Update on the opportunistic use of ATLAS resources (Michael Ernst)
      * Introduced a process that will greatly improve things Very positive!  This is a process other VOs could benefit from. It can be used as a template.
%BLUE% *minutes:*
Opportunistic – support for Engage.  Computing meeting last Wed. John presented an overview of Engage applications. Talked about suitable applications to start, identified one in nuclear physics.  John was accompanied by Steve Cox, so we have a technical rep from Engage.%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ACTION:
Michael continues to communicate with ESNet.  Co-chairs could revisit NERSC and pursue it separately, at a later date.

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * Planning for August Face-to-Face Council Meeting August 2nd &amp; 3rd - [[http://doodle.com/nz4tnbdcxa3445gn][Doodle Poll Results]] - please update if your availability has changed since completing the poll.

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues

---+++ AOB
-- Main.JenniferNahn - 15 Jun 2011
CouncilInDocuments



   * [[%ATTACHURL%/ED_For_Council.pptx][ED_For_Council.pptx]]: ED_For_Council.pptx

