---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Thursday, April 22, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | Noon Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees
Abhishek Rana, Jim Weichel, Dan Fraser, Mine Altunay, Rob Quick, Igor Sfiligoi, Alain Roy, Peter Doherty, Kent Blackburn, Chander Sehgal, Jeff Boote, Tanya Levshina, David Ritchie, Piotr Sliz

---++ Agenda

   * 1.0.1 Software Tools Group – Alain Roy (confirmed), Mine Altunay (vacation)
   * 1.0.2 Production Coordination – Dan Fraser
   * 1.0.3 Biology &amp; Biomedical – Piotr Sliz, Peter Doherty
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/osg_area_coord_apr_22.pdf][Powerpoint Slides]]
   * 1.0.4 LIGO Applications – Kent Blackburn
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104.ppt][Powerpoint Slides]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104.pdf][PDF Slides]]

---++ 1.0.1 Software Tools Group

We last reported to the Area Coordinator&#39;s meeting on [[20091001ETAgendaMinutes][October 1, 2009]].

Since that time, our meetings have been held less regularly, but have been held on an as-needed basis. Instead of ensuring there is meeting every week, we ensure there is a meeting when it&#39;s needed.

Since October 1, we&#39;ve done several things:

   * We&#39;ve watched over the development of the OSG Discovery Tool. [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20091110][10-Nov-2009]]
   * We&#39;ve updated our [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/RequirementsFromSoftProviders][Software Provider Requirements]] [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20091117][17-Nov-2009]]
   * We&#39;ve started once a month meetings between OSG, !Xrpotd, and ATLAS to talk about !Xrootd. [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20091124][24-Nov-2009]]
   * We&#39;ve overseen the improvements to the ReSS probe for RSV. [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20100105][05-Jan-2010]]
   * We&#39;ve had discussions about Gratia development. [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20100126][26-Jan-2010]]
   * We&#39;ve discussed the announcement of site downtimes to the BDII. [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20100330][30-Mar-2010]]

In the near future, we&#39;re like to have discussions about GUMS development. 

-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 13 Apr 2010

