<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MeetingMinutes2010Jun09 &lt; Storage &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010Jun09?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MeetingMinutes2010Jun09" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Storage/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010Jun09"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Storage_Meeting_Minutes_2010_Jun"></a> Storage Meeting Minutes 2010 Jun 09 </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> <ul>
<li> Brian Bockelman
</li> <li> Ted Hesselroth
</li> <li> Neha Sharma
</li> <li> Doug Strain
</li> <li> Tanya Levshina
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Guests"></a> Guests </h3> <ul>
<li> Robert Engel
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Status_report"></a> Status report </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Release
  - bestman2, bestman-client, srmtester3 distribution packages
</pre>
<p />
Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- Creation of Pigeon Tools (TM), a collection to verify storage element functionality for engage vo, and possibly others.
- Development of first alpha version completed, now refining and testing.
- Helping Horst Severini with RSV Probes
</pre>
<p />
Neha:
<pre class="screen">

- Built gratia probes for versions 1.06.15p-1
- Went through Tanya's doc on creating the package and started work on new script to automate it
- On gridworks - upgraded probes, re-did postgres configuration
- Modified siteinfo.conf, validate.py and gratia install and dcache core operations rpm install scripts to enable user to set value of Summarize
- Cleaned up siteinfo.conf
- Tested the latest tarball on fg0x6 couple of times. Troubleshooted problems.
- Email exchange with Alex w.r.t getting him started to use gridworks
- Tickets
</pre>
<p />
Ted
<pre class="screen">
Investigated Storage Management and Catalog capabilities of iRODS.

Considered workflow of merging of job output data based on catalog info,
as in the LSST case. Wrote example metadata for definition of datasets
and subsequently read data from iCAT with iRODS SQL client.

Brought Discovery Tool documentation up to date with current release.
</pre>
<p />
Tanya
<pre class="screen">
Meetings: 
               with Alain
               with Ted
               docteam telecon
               organized by Matt in preparation for WLCG jamboree


   Technical work:
              Prepared vdt-dcache for release:
                      discussed various issues with siteinfo.conf & INSTALL with Neha
                      built vdt-dcache 3.0.0 (dcache 1.9.5-19 with chimera and gartia probes 1.06.15p-1)
                      wrote the document describing the process of building the release
                      tested installation on SL5_64
                      released vdt-dcache to ITB  (updated http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/components/dcache.html), notified ITB  team
              Read documentation related to WLCG jamboree
              Discussed the schedule of VDT release with Alain and Alex
              Discussed pigeon tools rational with Ruth, Alain and Dan
              Commented on issues found reviewing pigeon tools web results 
              Reviewed and commented on Alain's submission for OSG NFS Annual Report
              Assigned missing tester/reviewers for OSG storage documentation
              Wrote/Tested FileFinder class that allows to get tar files name for specified files. Work needs to be done on manifest creation (waiting for final approval from Miron & Ruth)
               Installed/tested xrootd on SL5_64 in order to test security enabled xrootd.
             
</pre>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="First_agenda_item"></a> First agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Pigeon tools
<h3><a name="Discussion"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
Doug is done with the first phase of the prototype (<a href="https://gw014k0.fnal.gov:8443/gip" target="_top">https://gw014k0.fnal.gov:8443/gip</a>). The following improvements/fixes have been discussed during the meeting: <ol>
<li> it looks like in some cases, test is not repeated after failure (globus_url_copy_Firefly - last time ran 	2010-06-08 10:33:01)
</li> <li> srmmkdir test should reports warning if test directory is already exists 
</li> <li> the specified VO should be a parameter to generator and not hardcoded
</li> <li> classic SE should be distinguished from srm-SE
</li> <li> it will be nice if the web page allows to add link to GOC ticket number based on the discovered problem
</li> <li> source code should be under source control (asked Alain for vdt svn module, put in Fermilab cvs right now)
</li> <li> continue work on documentation (<a href="http://home.fnal.gov/~dstrain/testing.html" target="_top">http://home.fnal.gov/~dstrain/testing.html</a>)
</li></ol> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Second_Agenda_Item"></a> Second Agenda Item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
<p />
IRODS evaluation
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN1"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
Ted is investigating IRODS catalog capability. He has encountered several minor problems. Will  move to discovery and management after that. He is keeping the list with all the questions and potential requests for IRODS group. He would work on the proof-of-concept demo. As soon as demo is working we should try to organize meeting with IRODS developers and go through the list.  
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Third_agenda_item"></a> Third agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
vdt-dcache 3.0.0
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN2"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
New [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/components/dcache.html][dCache with enabled Chimera] is released to ITB. The release also contains new transfer and storage probes. The tar files of standalone probes were  upload to VDT as well.
<p />
Chris has notified us that new gratia common code is available. We will wait for ITB  feedback before starting work on the new release.
<p />
Igor has started to run a new stress tests vs dCache on gridwork. We have modified all the parameters and options recommended by dcache team (including tuning postgres). We have also are using dcache.kpwd for authorization for this test. We will use GUMS when we rerun the test. 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fourth_agenda_item"></a> Fourth agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Documentation
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN3"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
People should start working on documentation in their queue. Rob has asked Doug to follow installation documentation template for RSV storage probes. Doug will work on improving documentation.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fifth_agenda_item"></a> Fifth agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
upcoming VDT release
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN4"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We are expecting the following for upcoming VDT releases:
<p /> <ol>
<li> srm-fermi  client 1.9.5-16  with java 1.6
</li> <li> Xrootd transfer and storage probes
</li> <li> RSV srmtester probes
</li> <li> BeStMan2 - we have asked Abhishek to add it to bestman/hdfs rpms. Doug may install it on bestman/hdfs teststand as soon as it is ready. 
</li></ol> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Sixth_agenda_item"></a> Sixth agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN5"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Doug has received the first ticket regarding RSV storage probe - congratulations! Neha will help him to get GOC access.
<p />
+++++++++
New tickets
+++++++++
<p />
Closed:
<p />
8712 - OSG Storage: dCache: Problem on Chimera headnode visible in Postgresql DB?
<p />
++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++
<p />
Follow up in progress:
<p />
8602 - OSG Storage: dCache: Replication Failure
<p />
8630 - OSG Storage: dCache: "[CONNECTION_ERROR]" from FTS to our dCache/SRM headnode
<p />
No update:
<p />
8603 - OSG Storage: dCache: Increasing Log level on Gridftp doors/Specify Pinboard Dump directory
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Created_by"></a> Created by: </span></h2>
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a> - 09 Jun 2010</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Storage<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Storage/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MeetingMinutes2010Jun09</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r1 - 09 Jun 2010 - 22:09:57 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />