%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda January 31, 2006
   * 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Tim, Doug, Burt, Stan, Fred, Craig, Leigh, Alan, Ravi V., Ransom

---++Previous Meeting notes
Operations.MinutesJanuary1706

---++ Setting up TIGRE support center
Registration forms are the main source of information about what a support center needs. We anticipate that each support center has some special features from pre-existing suport responsibilities.

A.S. - Is there recommended software? There is 5 member steering committee, A.S. is leading technology team.

---++Operations Activity Issues
---+++ What Operations Issues need coverage outside the Monday meeting?
   * Specific support center interactions, education new support centers
   * policy questions &amp; developments
   * interfacing developments and details
   * application interfacing
   * community support could alternate with tg-support centers
   * shared meetings with EGEE need early meeting times
   * if anyone has thoughts about more issues that can not be addressed in the Monday meeting should please send a note to me or the tg-supportcenters mail list

---++Community Support Activity Issues
Looking at questions about KB and support for it.

Looking for new people to help lead effort.

---++Other topics

IU has been talking with EGEE about ticket exchange. There is another discussion planned Thursday with the GGUS folks.

Until OSG management transition is worked out we will go to a bi-weekly schedule for this meeting, so no meeting next week.


-- Main.DougOlson - 31 Jan 2006

