---+ *Documentation Alignment Meeting at UC*
---++  &lt;nop&gt;%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Wednesday October 14, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Loc&lt;/b&gt; | Teleconference - Jim will call Kyle and Rob&#39;s Office |

---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.RobGardner, Main.KyleGross, Main.MarcoMambelli, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel

---++ Agenda/%GREEN% Notes %ENDCOLOR%
---++++1. Confirm Documentation Alignment Scope - 2:00 - 2:15
   * Includes [[Documentation/WebHome][Documentation Web]] and [[ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][ReleaseDocumentation Web]], [[Operations/WebHome][Procedural Documents in Operations Web]]  and [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org]]
   * [[Education/WebHome][Education Web]] - Include in scope - wait for resolution by ET
   * Does not include OSG !DocDB or any other repository
%GREEN%
Yes, Rob agrees with this scope.
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++2. Review/Discussion of TWiki Plans - 2:15 - 2:45
   * Advantages and disadvantages of having a separate Twiki.
   * Transition Issues (Use new docs as they are produced)
   * twiki-docs.grid.iu.edu, [[https://twiki-itb.grid.iu.edu]]
   * Separate documentation tree for each major release - issue: updates into previous versions
   * New capabilities
      * Clear hierarchical heading levels, note formatting  
      * Improved commenting
      * Document rating/collection of ratings (PeerPlugin)
      * More extensive use of current tracking mechanisms (e.g. email to reviewer with change of REVFLAG)
      * Search (not really new, just clearer)
%GREEN%
Comments:
   * TWiki name space is now used for some organization -&gt; want to use a directory structure in addition to names.  Directories based on Architecture Components (e.g. Compute, Storage, .. + common areas Security.. + VO related)  This will break some links but will be better for understanding where you are in documentation (the hierarchy shown at the top will make sense) and provide for better searching.
   * Comment: current use of !%INCLUDE% needs to be reviewed.  For example, some docs are nothing but included documents that are used no where else.
   * Having the new TWiki for testing our technologies, plugins, process, use of document flags, etc. is a great idea -&gt; We can move proven items back into our current TWiki
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++3. Review/Discussion of Draft Responsibilities - Skip
   * Documentation.DocOwnerResponsibilities
   * Documentation.DocReviewerResponsibilities
   * Documentation.DocTesterResponsibilities 
%GREEN%
Comments:
   * Want these to be natural, intuitive, and reasonable to the people in the roles
   * These are clear and useful
   * May want to provide a philosophy or vision statement that resonates with physicists
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++4. Review/Discussion of Proposed Processes - 2:45 - 3:15
   *  Draft Documentation.DocProcess
%GREEN%
Comments:
   * Like the logic of the status flags that follows the flow  of the whole process - a better implementation of the current use of flags
   * Must figure out how to reset status when we start working on documents for a new release or all the documents will look complete (Will have to use expertise of ITB to identify areas that will change due to added features or changed software components to help determine what has to be added, modified, verified, or ignored.)
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++5. Review/Discussion of Install Document Content  - Skip
   * Trash.ReleaseDocumentationDocInstallTemplate 
   * Example Install Document Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone
%GREEN%
Comments:
   * Might want to add a Reference section with links to more, related information.
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++6. Discuss/Choose next install documents to improve - 3:15 - 3:30
   * Storage system !BeStMan/? maybe focused on small site/T3
   * Condor install guide for T3
   * Client install
   * CE Install restructure
%GREEN%
Comments:
   * Definitely yes on Storage System!
   * Yes, simplified condor install necessary for T3.  Alain, Marco, &amp; Dan are working on this already so we should wait for them to decide what is needed.  ATLAS T3 group going to UW ~10/27.)  Marco should propose using our new install template since this needs to be a OSG document.  (It is a special case install for condor.)
   * Client install has not been a big problem.  Jim may try to do one to see how well it is done.
   * Didn&#39;t discuss CE Install but notice the Trash.ReleaseDocumentationTroubleshootingComputeElement document is very out of date, with links to very old releases, broken links, etc.
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++7. Establish Priority of Documentation Areas - 3:30 - 3:45
   * Identify document types that need standards: Installation Doc - draft, Procedural Doc
   * Other document types without templates: Architectural Doc, Help Doc.   
   * Any existing standards that we must follow - orange?
   * Prioritize among user groups: 1) sys. admin, 2) VO admin, 3) grid end user, 4) student user
%GREEN%
Comments:
   * There is agreement on these points.
   * Student user is last because these have to be the best documents and we will get experience with the others first.
   * We might use color (special skin) to denote documents that have passed through new process.
   * Might even use color to indicate the role the document is intended for.  Eg. Green for User, Blue for VO, Red for Sys Admin
   * We will plan to have a workshop (in Chicago) for Owners/Reviewers when we kick of the broader review/update of documents - in Feb 2010.
%ENDCOLOR%

%COMMENT%


-- Main.JamesWeichel - 09 Oct 2009
