---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesMay7][May 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * Main.JeffreyMack Main.ChrisGreen Main.PhilippeCanal Main.JeffreyMack Main.JohnUrish Main.PenelopeConstanta 
   * Apologies: Main.JohnWeigand

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Report development

Penelope: Since the development were down, instead of working the reorg I polished a bit the authentication
document.  

Philippe: I will take a look at it soon.

John: I don&#39;t like the double scrollbar on the reports.

Philippe: I agree.

Penelope: I have a solution but it does not work yet on IE.  Should I upload it.

Philippe: Yes, please upload it on a branch.

Philippe: Margherita will help us implement the UI for Role authentication.

Penelope: Yes, I flushed out some document on the certificate implementation.
Chris: I am also helping her.

Penelope: I can not find a way to get to the VOMS interface that let you request
changes in your Roles (from Fermigrid).

Chris: Actually you can get to it ... BUT you have to go through 2 levels of very
unclear links before you get there.

Penelope: For example we still do not have a Gratia VO.

Philippe: People really like the drill through ... and are slightly surprised that it
does not work on all reports.

---++Collector/Probes development

Chris: About the monitoring from &#39;GOC/VORS&#39;, I added a feature so that all
the probe info can be retrieved in one query.

Chris: Working with UCSD (Condor config) and Buffalo (Due to VDT install
while running probe).  We are receiving corrupted record from a site running 
PBS most likely due to the accounting log rotation.  

Philippe: urCollector author claims he has improvement that deal better with
log rotation.

Chris: I am also working on new triggers to let update the database without
having to regenerate the summary table from scratch.

---++Storage Probe

ras.

---++Test Bed

Delayed by other priorities.

---++Metrics

ras.

---++Any Other Business

Philippe: Working on putting the WBS in MS Project and this might become the &#39;source&#39; of the task list.

Philippe: VDT, Release May 18 and then June 15.

Chris: I will send the Probe today.   

Features:
   - EZ Config
   - Automatic Schema update
   - Secure admin auth.
Also Nice to have:
   - New &#39;Grid&#39; field
   - New VO name tables
   - Trigger to update/modify
   - SAM ready.

Upgrade for dvpt machine Memory probably reuse from FermiGrid.

Between June 1st and 8th, we will brainstrom the new Report UI and content.
