| *Wednesday, May 17*  |||||
| *Start* | *Duration*  |  *Description*  |  *Who*  | *Location* |
| *8am* | 1 hour | Review and Agenda Updates || ICTC Building IT252 |
| *9am* | *3 hours* | *Two Parallel Morning Sessions*|||
| *Session One: Communications, Procedures and Policy: Support Centers Interactions* || *Doug Olson* | *IT252* ||
|| 30min | Weekly Operations Call (Is there a better format?) | Tim Silver ||
|| 30min | [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/pub/Operations/WedMay17/OSG_incident_handling_v1.0-annotated.pdf][OSG Security Incident Handling]] (Contacts) | Doug Olson ||
|| 30min | OSG Security Plan, Next Steps on Risk Analysis [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/pub/Operations/WedMay17/OSG Security Plan.ppt][Security Plan]]| Don Petravick  ||
|| 30min | Footprints ticket system tutorial/training  | Tim Silver, Rick Thies ||
|| 15min | %GREEN%break |||
||75min | Developing a [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/OpsModelSupportServices06][Support Center Best Practices]] Guide | Doug Olson ||
| *Session two:  Software, Tools and Services: Resource validation discussion. Troubleshooting methods which  evaluate resources, gather grid information and monitor grid usage.*|| *Leigh Grundhoefer* | *IT407*||
|| 20min |Services Overview | Leigh ||
|| 30min | VORS and Registration Information | John Rosheck||
|| 15min | BDII and GLUE informations  | Ransom Briggs ||
|| 30min | !GridCat  | David Meyers? ||
|| 15min | Using the GOC RSS newsFeed  | Rob Quick ||
|| 15min |  %GREEN%break  ||| 
|| 15min | !Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA  | Anand Padmanabhan||
|| 15min | Accounting | Ruth ||
|| 15min | !GridEx | Alian ||
|| 15min | VOMS monitor  | John ||
|| 15min | Developing your own scripts  | Group ||
|| 2 hours | %GREEN%Lunch |||
|*2pm* | *3 hours* | *Afternoon Session Wrap up* || *IT252* |
|| 90min  | Reports and Discussions from Sessions&lt;br&gt;[[May1606SessionOneSummary][Tues. session 1 summary]] | All ||
|| 15min | %GREEN%break |||
|| 90min | Operations Policy templates and Plans for 2006 2007 + FAQ for SCs |Interested ||
| *Meeting Close*|||||

-- Main.LeighGrund - 11 May 2006
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_incident_handling_v1.0-annotated.pdf][OSG_incident_handling_v1.0-annotated.pdf]]: Incident Response Document, annotated for this meeting

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-SupportCenter-Indy_MonALISA-Anand.ppt][OSG-SupportCenter-Indy_MonALISA-Anand.ppt]]: Using Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA Repositories

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGSecurityPlans.ppt][OSGSecurityPlans.ppt]]: OSG Security Plan

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/GLUEBDII-Ransom.ppt][GLUEBDII-Ransom.ppt]]: Presentation of Glue / MDS2 / GIP / BDII usage

