---++ At-Large VO Representation Sub-Committee Meeting

---+++ Teleconfernce Coordinates:

   * *Date:* May 13th, 2008
   * *Time:* 2PM Eastern, 1PM Central, 11PM Pacific
   * *Duration:* ~ 1 Hour
   * *Teleconference Number:* 1-800-704-9896
   * *Participant Code:* 779069 followed by the &#39;#&#39; key

   * *Attending:* Tom Furlani, Shaowen Wang (Chair), Kent Blackburn

---+++ Agenda/Minutes:

---++++ Official hand-off of chair to Shaowen Wang

&lt;font color = blue&gt;
Minutes:

Shaowen will be taking over organization of meetings, developing agendas, arranging contacts with at-large VOs. Kent will take care of capturing the minutes of the meetings, posting them and circulating to the subcommittee.
&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Introductions from Sub-Committee Members that didn&#39;t make the first meeting

&lt;font color = blue&gt;
Minutes:

Tom  introduced himself. He is Director of the Center for Computational Research at Buffalo where they have over 2000 CPUs and various other researcher systems. He is on the NYSGrid Council. NYSGrid has an MOU with OSG. They are new to the OSG and just getting started with lots of interest in the experiences gained by other VOs.
&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Schedule of next OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting from OSG Council Teleconference

&lt;font color = blue&gt;
Minutes:

The OSG Council held its monthly meeting just prior to today&#39;s subcommittee meeting. The OSG Council has tentatively agreed to its next Face-to-Face meeting on *Tuesday August 5th, 2008* in a hotel near O&#39;Hare Airport in *Chicago*. This defines the deadline for achieving our subcommittee&#39;s charge! It was agreed that members of this subcommittee that are not OSG Council representatives should be able to participate.

In addition, it was noted that the next OSG All-Hands Meeting would was tentatively scheduled for the week of March 2nd, 2009 at the LIGO Livingston Observatory just outside of Baton Rouge. This is the one meeting the OSG currently holds that invites all VOs to participate.

&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Continued discussion on method for interacting with At-Large VOs

&lt;font color = blue&gt;
Minutes:

Reviewed our Purpose/Charge at the beginning of the meeting, i.e., need to identify a process for selection/election of two &quot;at-large&quot; VO representative to the OSG Council for a two year term before the next OSC Council Face-to-Face meeting on ~ August 5th. 

Agreed that we should invite several At-Large VOs to each meeting in order to work throught the 10 or so such VOs with the goal of interviewing each and developing an understanding of what would make their VO&#39;s participation in the OSG more effective. 

Starting out this interview process with Tom, using NYSGrid as our first case. Tom would like a forum to allow all VOs to gather together and share common experiences, discuss what worked and what didn&#39;t work for them, what they would do different. It would be very useful to be able to take back such information to the home VO and leverage these experiences against the challenges faced by his VO. 

The idea of having a round table session at the OSG All-Hands Meetings in which all VOs were invited to attend for an hour or two to discuss informally their experiences (maybe using 5 minute lighting talks as an accelerate) would be very good. The important aspect is getting all VOs together and providing a forum to discuss what works and what didn&#39;t work for each VO, and maybe learn ways to do things better. *It would be useful for the next OSG All-Hands Program Committee to consider this for inclusion on the agenda!*

Discussed the importance of having a preliminary set of questions in hand to aske each VO. This would allow us to become familiar with the VO and also understand their needs. Shaowen agreed to take as an action, the construction of a draft set of question and circulate to the subcommittee for feedback and interation before our next teleconference. Shaowen will invite 3 or 4 at-large VO contacts to our next meeting (assuming that only one or two will be available at that time).

During the meeting several rough draft questions were discussed as starting points for Shaowen to solidify, in no particular order:

   * Who is involved in your VO?
   * What is your VO&#39;s focus?
   * How long has your VO been around?
   * What would make your VO&#39;s participation more effective?
   * What communications with the OSG (and OSG Council) does your VO anticipate needing?
   * ...

&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ AOB

&lt;font color = blue&gt;
Minutes:

Decided on next meeting time:

   * Date: Monday May 26th, 2008
   * Time: 11:00AM Pacific, 1:00PM Central, 2:00PM Eastern
   * Shaowen will send out the Teleconference Coordinates (expect to use DOE/ESnet number)

*Action Items:*

   * Kent will extract spreadsheet of VO Contacts and circulate to subcommittee
   * Shaowen will invite 3 or 4 VO Contacts to our next meeting
   * Shaowen will circulate a more solidified set of interview questions to the subcommittee for review prior to our next meeting, giving subcommittee time to provide feedback

&lt;/font&gt;


-- Main.KentBlackburn - 12 May 2008
