---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Jun09][June 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: %RED%Thursday at 1:00pm CST/CDT %ENDCOLOR%, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.KarthikArun][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * [[Main.KeithChadwick][Keith Chadwick]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].

---++Apologies

   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

   * 1.06.16b-1 probes released to VDT. Features include !XRootD probe and infrastructure ability to detect and recover from missing acknowledgment due to restarted or otherwise failed collector.
   * 1.06.16-pre tagged for collector release. Should release within 2 weeks. Features include much-improved housekeeping to reduce load on DB during housekeeping phase. Schema update required.

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

   * Minor burp in seconds-behind-master due to housekeeping, not serious.
   * NERSC seemed to be not reporting -- handshaking but doesn&#39;t have a whole lot to say.


---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

   * Gratia Dev Remedy group now hooked to new SC in GOC.

---++Probe.

   * See release info.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

   * Documentation for non-perl reports done. Waiting on Chris.

---++ Transition

---+Any Other Business

   * Andrew Baranovski is leaving Femrilab and will no longer be involved in Gratia development.
   * Karthik: BIGINT is ready to be committed, but Philippe warns of need to change. Chris clarified the task.
   * Karthik: Starting to work on exception handling in XML parser. Need some confirmation / feedback on whether thinking is in the right direction. DTD? XSDD? Comments from Chris.
   * Collector up and running locally taking and forwarding ITB probe data.

---++To be discussed later:

