---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Chander, Gabriele, Shawn, Mine, RobQ, TimC, TimT, Brian

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/2013WorkPlanRetreat][OSG Planning Retreat on June 4-6 in Madison]]

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---++ Release - Tim Theisen

   * Introduction (!TimT)
   * Very brief overview of proposed Software/Release responsibilities (!TimC)

---++ Software - Tim Cartwright

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

   * *Releases*
      * Since last Software report
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3116][3.1.16]]: Many updates and fixes, especially ones related to LSF
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3117][3.1.17]]: Client tarballs!, GSI-OpenSSH; Pegasus, jGlobus, VOMS, !XRootD
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3118][3.1.18]]: Condor 7.8.8; Java 1.6.0p45; jGlobus patch; client tarball fixes
      * Aiming for about one per month, but will do interim releases (e.g., 3.1.18) as appropriate

   * *OSG Software 3.1 Deployments*
      * 28 sites still on OSG 1.2.x (Pacman)
      * GOC is tracking remaining sites closely now

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * [[SoftwareTeam.Java6Migration][Java Migration]]
      * Moving from Oracle JDK 6 to !OpenJDK 7, because Java 6 is no longer supported
      * Software team updated Java packages and completed internal tests &amp;mdash; all systems passed
      * Release team is now conducting ITB and other external testing
         * Some reports of minor problems, still investigating
         * Testing will not be complete in time for the planned June 4 release

   * *HTCondor-CE*
      * HTCondor support itself comes in version 7.9.6
         * Software Team just added HTCondor 7.9.6 to osg-upcoming-testing
         * Planned for release on June 4 (pending outcome of testing)
      * Remaining Software tasks: RSV support, scalability testing, possible osg-configure changes, documentation
      * Remaining Release tasks: ITB and other external testing, documentation

   * *Hadoop Distributed Filesystem (HDFS) Version 2.0*
      * Major upgrade from the current OSG production version 0.20
      * Software team has completed build(s), done a fair amount of internal testing, and fixed many issues
      * Nearly ready for testing by the Release team

   * *OASIS Support*
      * Have already released CVMFS client and OASIS packages
      * Software team is working on some small updates (mainly OSG configuration)
      * Release team is leading the group effort to complete and integrate documentation

   * *SHA-2 Testing*
      * Release team is completely one last round of testing, this time with !DigiCert SHA-2 certificates
      * Hope to finish testing very soon
      * Will provide documentation on recommended minimum OSG Software versions (by component)

   * *Ongoing Updates and Support*
      * Software: Tarball client bug fixes, Globus/SGE SEG, SLURM (still in testing), lots more
      * Tickets (GOC and JIRA)

---+++ Top Concerns

   * *Defining Technology, Software, and Release Teams*
      * Responsibilities: We need to finish proposal, share, get approval (OSG Planning Retreat, next week)
      * Staffing
         * We have a good core defined for each team
         * Exact staffing percentages will be flexible and determined by !BrianB as needed
         * Still working on hiring in some places
         * Still defining some roles and contributions

   * *Multiple Important Projects*
      * See above for current list
      * Also getting increasing pressure from HTCondor team to take on more packaging tasks
      * Mitigation strategies:
         * Technology, Software, Release, Production, and as needed Security teams coordinate closely and often
         * We are prioritizing tasks carefully, while also keeping an eye on the longer term and upcoming needs
         * !TimT will raise warning flags as appropriate
      * Outlook: Still cautiously optimistic!

   * *Tracking Upstream Changes*
      * Example: Still had condor-7.8.6 long after 7.8.8 had been released
      * We package so many upstream components, that it is very difficult to track changes to all of them
      * Nominally assigned to the Release team now, but it is a big task
      * Need to work with !BrianB and !TimT to come up with a real plan here

   * *Slowed or Delayed Projects*
      * Documentation: Affects end-user experience &amp;mdash; chipping away at most important tasks
      * Testing: Little progress lately; hoping Release team can better define manual test cases
      * Configuration management: Affects end-user experience &amp;mdash; not started
      * Debian support: Affects who can use OSG Software &amp;mdash; not started
      * Community packaging, especially w.r.t. EPEL: Affects effort &amp;mdash; not really started, but Java is improving

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Introduced Tim T.
Proposal for the division of responsibilities: everybody can create tickets, the software team will fix and package software, release management will test and document.
Tim T. is under the production area, all the staff under the technology area: the details will be discussed at the retreat.

Key Initiatives (Software)
   1. Schedule-driven Big projects -  approaching close-out, some with non-substantial delays and further investigations (Java, SHA-2, OASIS)
   2. Internally-driven Big projects - proceeding on schedule (HTCondor-CE, HDFS v2)
   3. Ongoing maintenance and support - continuous work proceeds as expected

Top Issues / Concerns (Software)
   1. Still need to accomplish staff hiring at Nebraska and UCSD
   2.  Requests for additional effort toward HTCondor packaging need to be understood and resolved
   3. We need to a better job of tracking changes in upstream software projects that can impact OSG
   4. Significant number of project have externally driven schedules and we are meeting those but the cost is slippage on other key work items originated by us.

Key Accomplishments (Software)
   1. 3 releases (aiming for 1 per month)
   2. 28 sites on PacMan, now approaching end-of-life for support.
