---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 16 Sep 2011
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Friday 16 Sep 2011&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting:  Friday 21 October 2011&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Anthony Tiradani&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Maarten Litmaath&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Cristina Aiftimiei&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Lorenzo Dini&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Dave Cowley&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ Computing/Storage services 
   * VDT/OSG moving to RPM based packaging of software.  Alain Roy from VDT attended to discuss the up coming change
      * pacman will be updated only for security updates for at least a year
      * 1st pass only rpm format for SL5 variants
      * SL6 variants likely the next platform to be supported
      * goal: shipping a large part of the vdt in rpm format by December
         * want to take Globus from EPEL, but unusable due to various issues
         * VDT in contact with Matias but want better communication to ensure that everyone is on the same &quot;wavelength&quot;
   * Once the RPM based CE is released to testing Anthony Tiradani will setup a test instance and request that Maarten send some test jobs through.  This will test both the new CE and the new wn-client.

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 16 Sep 2011
