---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesJan29][January 29]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Monday at 3:30pm CST, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * Penelope C., John W., John U., Jeff M., Philippe C.
   * Apologies: TBD.  

---++Collector/Report development
Penelope: I fixed the HTML obsolete tags but still need to up date a bit to handle various browser.
I looked at various 3D graphs tools and concluded that this would require some Java coding.

John U.: For the short term, OSG PR would be happy with fixed graphs...

Jeff: I will start looking again at the OSG reports to improve some of the performance.

---++Psacct reports.
Jeff: I update the report to rename to parameters names and modify the click through.

Chris: I will upload the new version of the report some time after Friday.
---++Probes
Chris:  I am working on a couple of additions, one is to separate the backup directory of the probe by adding &#39;collector-host/probename&#39; to the file.
I also working on adding a reset connection to support the perpetually running probe (to support the case where the connection start failing ... for now we stop trying after a few times until the process is restarted).
The packaging of the SunGrid probe is nearly done (a little more testing needed).

Chris: The installation documentation was updated last Friday to help reduce confusion between rpm and VDT install.

Philippe: So we are shotting for a release of the Probe some time __next__ week.
---++Storage Probe
Philippe: Development on server is done.  We need to test it.  We have a new column called
&#39;ResourceType&#39; with the value RawCPU, Batch, Storage.

Chris: I will install a new version of the server code sometime this week on the ITB.

Jeff: Do not forget to update the summary tables and stored procedure accordingly.

Chris: I will take of this thanks to Greg&#39;s note.
---++Test Bed.
John W.: Some small progress ... at the point of configuring Condor 6.9
----++Metrics
John U.: We are making some progress developing the quick OSG PR accounting pages. 

John U.: Ruth is looking forward to gather the CPU information from each the site (most likely by calling each admin).  It would be better though that it would be automated.  GLUE has a placeholder the information but (nearly) nobody is uploading it.  An it is missing a nice display and there are some information missing (what are the rules to use the site). 

Chris: To collect the information we could use GIP, couldn&#39;t we?

John U.: You should talk to Tanya about what is or not collect ....

---++Any Other Business

-- Main.PhilippeCanal - 29 Jan 2007
