 OSG Executive Team Meeting November  30th 2006
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: 
Miron, Alain, Mike, Frank, Paul, Ruth

---+++  Pending Action Items
|Item|Date due | Status|
|Complete Project Plan to Agencies |Dec 1 |   | 
| Ruth with call meeting of VO liaisons operating across OSG and EGEE to tell OSG what they need in terms of gLITE client tools in VDT.| US CMS - Ian Fisk - says only the FTS Client is needed; nothing else. Ruth needs to check back emails from Torre.  | | 
| Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG | Dec 6th | Miron, Leigh |

---++ Usage and Users Support - to be posted before the ET meeting

 * Charmm - Torre. First test jobs through. Pilots flowing steadily using OSG VO. Will be ready for real jobs soon. 
 * LIGO - Abhishek/Frank/Kent
      no known complaints. Heavy use of Milwaukee (100 jobs at all times), small use (peak of 75, sustained between 25-50)
      of 6 other sites within last month.
   * [[20061130MiniBooNEStatus][MiniBooNE]] - Chris.
   * [[20061130GADUStatus][GADU]] - Chris.
   * [[20061130NanohubStatus][Nanohub]] - Chris.
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/report_20061130.pdf][Multi-VO summary table]] - Chris. Legend: solid red = site down at test time; solid grey = information not available due to (eg) NO_AUTH or SITE_DOWN.
   * ATLAS - Torre
   * CMS - Frank
     Operating on 18 sites. Send a bunch of GOC tickets for sites with problems. The list of sites tried is
     &lt;a href=&quot;http://heppc18.ucsd.edu/SiteStatus/Report_2006_Nov.txt&quot;&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;.
     There appears to be two systemic issues:&lt;br&gt;
      There are sites with no srmcp who don&#39;t understand that this is a client tool that&#39;s required as part of an OSG 
      worker node client install. In other places they are lacking the means to debug their srmcp deployment.
      Second, there are sites that have no outgoing connectivity, and don&#39;t know that they can advertize this, nor how to.
   * [[20061130DZero][D0]] - Chris
   * DES - Chris/Frank:
      We had a meeting with DES that resulted in the following action items for Frank to bring back to the ET:
      DES has the same observation about srmcp and outgoing network access as CMS.
      DES wants clarification on whether or not LDAP advertizement of the GLUE schema is mandatory on OSG.
      DES requested to have network connectivity visible as a field in VORS given that not all sites have the GLUE
      schema info advertized via LDAP to-date. And even if all sites did advertize this, it&#39;s such a useful piece of info
      that it should be available at VORS, rather than having to query all sites individually.
      DES requested that fkw figure out a standard location for making VO success/failure stats available for all to see.
      DES noticed a problem with condor as a batch system. It accounts memory useage as total memory, including
      swapped out portion. As a result, you can get jobs that are unschedulable after preemption because their
      swaped out memory footprint is too large. While this makes sense to do for standard universe jobs, it makes no sense
      for vanilla universe jobs. Would be nice to find a solution for this problem. fkw notes that this was observed at
      UCSD as well. UCSD then configured condor such as to ignore !ImageSize when scheduling a job.      
   * compbiogrid - Frank
      they are working on deploying their linux cluster. Once that&#39;s done, they will put a site on OSG.
      Hoping to be more active afterwards. Meeting with Ion on Friday in person.
   * CDF - Frank
     Operating on 8 sites, with a peak of 800 simultaneus jobs within the last month. Happy campers.
   * What other Users is Abhishek working with?
      Abhishek focusing on VDT installation of dCache at UCSD this week.
 
   * DES wants clarification on whether or not LDAP advertizement of the GLUE schema is mandatory on OSG.
Brainstorming discussion needed: Write down clear expectations that VOs and OSG can have. 

---++ Resources Management
   * 3 signed by PI (Renci, Caltech, Iowa) , 2 In review with ML: ( Indiana, Boston) 12 need editing / in preparation. [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/][SOWs]] 

   * Effort reports.
  
---++ Facility  - Miron
   * Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG - to be posted before the meeting. To be presented to the GDB on 6th November http://indico.cern.ch/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=a057712 
   * Operations Biweekly report http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/BiWeekly11172006 
   * FKW - Abishek can contribute (Leigh - he can add to the twiki directly) - did this happen?
   * Status of Clemson joining OSG
Miron will follow up with Operations.
   * AOB?

---+++ Users in Multiple VOs issues ? state? 
   * Recommendations for use and configuration of GUMS without using voms-proxy-init. GUMS users in multiple VOs should have different DN&#39;s for different VOs. Also an issue that VOMS servers go down at times and this impacts GUMS. It is necessary that same DN in multiple VOs means all GUMS servers must read VOMS servers in same order or mapping will get mixed up. We should make this an action item to push through ITB ? &lt;b&gt;Who has the token here? &lt;/b&gt;
Ruth to check with Rob.

&lt;b&gt; Dan Yocum indicated that he would discuss this item at the operations meeting on Monday. For the last
 two weeks this was on the agenda, however he failed to attend. &lt;/b&gt;

---+++ Security

Security incidents? Ruth to check with Don about email to open science grid security about OSG web server files.

---+++ Troubleshooting
are there any activities in progress here? 
Shoawen kicked off first activity. How do we want to follow up on it?

---+++ Software
 * Any issues with Dec 15th VDT release? Do we need to go through the spreadsheet again before we go to Caltech? [[%ATTACHURL%/VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v5.xls][Updated VDT progress spreadsheet]]
Looks good. Lots of green-- well done VDT team.

---+++ Integration 

   * Status of Gratia testing on ITB
   * Where does Trash/Trash/Integration sit in WBS and organization structure?
   * AOB 
not covered this week.

---++ EOT
   * Any news from joint TeraGrid-OSG Education groups? 
   * Grid School in Argentina: March 12-23, 2007. Santa Fe, Argentina.  http://lsc.dc.uba.ar/grid/GridOpenSource/  an introductory course in Santa Fe and a more advanced course in Buenos Aires. Let me know your reaction about this.

Myron,
... Naturally,  we are trying to develop local grid infrastructures on the campuses. So far, we have a Grid at the University of Buenos Aires (our lab) and another Grid at the University of Cuyo, Mendoza (1.500 km from Buenos Aires in the andean mountains) . Unfortunately we could only connect with them via a tunnel (there is not I2 there yet). In Santa Fe, 300 km from Buenos Aires, where the school will take place, there are two universities, one with a 40 node cluster (diskless) used mainly for computational mechanics  calculations, and the other one...
I suggest the following, my students will contact you, and you can discuss with them their needs and the Santa Fe resources (once we get the information). May be we can take some machines from our lab to Santa Fe. I expect an audience of say 20 to 30 Ph. D computer science students, some of them very bright.

   * First EOT activity - plans for kickoff meetings

---++ Extensions
   * First report of activities and Plans from Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions Coordinators:
      FkW not sure what to put here. Plans are in program of work. So let&#39;s list some status news on each major area.
   * Storage (Gene): first alpha version of dcache in VDT was tried out on single system install, and comments went
      back to VDT team. Management on cluster (~100 nodes) started yesterday.
   * just-in-time (Torre): &quot;generic&quot; PANDA exists (see Charmm user comments above). &quot;generic&quot; glide-in factory exists.
     glexec in production at FNAL.
   * reliability of CE: CE config documentation has error in doc for managed fork config. CE installation makes no sense in the way it assigns nice values to processes. Proposal for change in condor-g to implement back-off from overloaded CE discussed. Not sure where this is in condor list of priorities. scalability test site with 3200 batch slots deployed. Work here is collaborative effort between OSG/DISUN/CMS/Condor. So far most of the work is done by others than OSG.

   * Meeting in Texas is a meeting to discuss the just in time workload management. So will be a plan. Come out with the technical specifications for the project. 

---++Executive Director 
 
   * Status of the project plan
   * Preparation for OSG-NP meeting on 6th Dec
   * Invitation for OSG to speak at the INFN Grid meeting: Can someone go ?  on December 18-20 2006 in Padova there will be the V INFNGrid workshop. The tentative agenda may be found at: http://agenda.cnaf.infn.it/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3 On the 20th there will be the international session. We would like to invite you to give a 30&#39; presentation on the OSG Project and the VDT toolkit in the morning of the 20th. Please let us know if you or one of your collaborators would be available to make this presentation.        Best regards,
                            M.Mazzucato and C. Grandi
   * Contact from MAGPI: MAGPI is a regional high performance aggregation point for Internet2.  Covering PA, NJ, and DE, we are frequently asked about grid computing services. 
   * OSG representation at the NIH Knowledge environments workshop? 
 http://www.esi-bethesda.com/ncrrworkshops/kebr/index.aspx). 
   * CANS workshop
   * Thanh Truong of the University of Utah:  He is responsible for &quot;CSE&quot; a portal for Computational Chemistry applications that is one of the TeraGrid science gateways. I have not found any information  yet of actual usage. If we are prepared to proceed to discuss them with him I will arrange a phone call?

 - Given what is viewable on the web and lack of available effort, need to figure out what is going on. Perhaps John can talk to them. 
   * OSG VO
   * Issues from WLCG.
   * OSG, TeraGrid, I2 Campus Grid discussions
   * Other?

---++AOB
  * decide on the next Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting at Caltech. Need to talk every 6 weeks. Ruth will send out a strawman of blueprint meetings.

---++AOB

-- Main.RuthPordes - 29 Nov 2006


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v5.xls][VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v5.xls]]: Updated VDT progress spreadsheet

