<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> Minutes2011May19Thursday &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/Minutes2011May19Thursday?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit Minutes2011May19Thursday" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/Minutes2011May19Thursday"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Minutes_OSG_Council_Thursday_May"></a> Minutes OSG Council Thursday May 19th </span></h2>
<h4><a name="Afternoon_Session_12_30PM_to_6_0"></a> Afternoon Session 12:30PM to 6:00PM Central </h4>
<p />
Kent Blackburn opens at 12:30 with announcements, roll.
<p />
<h3><a name="Publications_Chander_Sehgal"></a> Publications (Chander Sehgal) </h3>
Same process -- Funding extensions: Reached closure w/ DOE on one-year extension. Will roll over to FY12 starting Oct 1 2011. May get $100K from nuclear physics, await confirmation.
<p />
<h3><a name="OSG_Executive_Director_Report"></a> OSG Executive Director Report </h3>
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2011May19-20/ED-Report_Council_May_2011.pptx" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2011May19-20/ED-Report_Council_May_2011.pptx</a>
<p />
<h4><a name="Status_of_Proposals_NSF_SciDAC_3"></a> Status of Proposals (NSF, <span class="twikiNewLink">SciDAC<a href="/bin/edit/Council/SciDAC?topicparent=Council.Minutes2011May19Thursday" rel="nofollow" title="SciDAC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>-3) </h4>
<p />
These are the submitted, not approved, proposals.  
<p />
NSF slide 3, <span class="twikiNewLink">SciDAC<a href="/bin/edit/Council/SciDAC?topicparent=Council.Minutes2011May19Thursday" rel="nofollow" title="SciDAC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>-3 slide 4, <span class="twikiNewLink">InDHTC<a href="/bin/edit/Council/InDHTC?topicparent=Council.Minutes2011May19Thursday" rel="nofollow" title="InDHTC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> slide 5-9. Question about math; only one piece of complex puzzle.  Need contributions from multiple projects in order to carry out the work.  At this point, 32.3 FTEs is the defined number, to sustain and extend OSG.  Question (VW) other grids e.g. earth systems grid, NEES.  NEES is not DOE-funded, earth systems grid have not sealed a deal.  When DOE ASCR is funded, there will be synergy around that.   (Needed commitments slide 12) 
<p />
<span class="twikiNewLink">InDHTC<a href="/bin/edit/Council/InDHTC?topicparent=Council.Minutes2011May19Thursday" rel="nofollow" title="InDHTC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> External Advisory Group (slide 13) – will include Earth Systems Grid, DOE program office et al. Will provide a report.
We have the one year extension, and proposals submitted.  Will discuss program of work end of July for beginning Oct 1, 2011, in 6-month increments.
Current plans slide 15. Continuing contact/communication – via regular meetings, conferences (at least in physics this is the way).  
<p />
Staffing plans continue to change. <span class="twikiNewLink">BestMan<a href="/bin/edit/Council/BestMan?topicparent=Council.Minutes2011May19Thursday" rel="nofollow" title="BestMan (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> support – no plans to augment from new funding, will run out sometime 2012.  There is other planned-for effort that’s not funded as we move forward.  VW: Should have a clear concise, consistent explanation of what ‘fall off a cliff’ means? ME: There’s a table from 2010 paper that describes the impact.  May 2012 is the ‘fall off’ date if we don’t throttle down (Chander).
Telling funding agencies how it is, but also planning, reprogram money.  JOG – bring a plan based on impact.  Next LHC JOG is October.
<p />
<h4><a name="OUTCOME_Action_Item_s"></a> OUTCOME/Action Item(s) </h4>
ET will come up with the impact/plan.
<p />
<h3><a name="OSG_docked_institutes_e_g_InDHTC"></a> OSG "docked" institutes (e.g., <span class="twikiNewLink">InDHTC<a href="/bin/edit/Council/InDHTC?topicparent=Council.Minutes2011May19Thursday" rel="nofollow" title="InDHTC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>) </h3>
<p />
Difference between satellite and docked is defined. 
<p />
Teragrid changing allocation process.  We will be in, not outside competing.
<p />
Campus Grids – Dan Fraser visit to Virginia Tech. Very interested. They leveraged the Campus Grid stuff that we provided, in their Physics dept. 
<p />
Discussion—Satellite vs. docked ‘oversight’.
<p />
Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment activities – Performance Management System.  Strategic Plan: We don’t have one, so we get lost in the woods.  There was agreement in a meeting this morning that we need a strategic plan. What do we want to accomplish at a very high level, as opposed to by-laws, which are more operational.
<p />
<h4><a name="OUTCOME_Action_Item_s_AN1"></a> OUTCOME/Action Item(s) </h4>
Ruth will work w/ Rob and ET to have a Strategic Plan discussions, input (council, stakeholders, users, staff), draft and review, by June 30.
<p />
<h3><a name="Appointment_of_Lothar_Bauerdick"></a> Appointment of Lothar Bauerdick as OSG Project Associate Executive Director </h3>
<pre>
        Associate Executive Director: 
          The OSG Associate Executive Director acts as the liaison to the 
          associated projects, such as Institutes, that make needed contributions 
          to the scope of work of the OSG project. The Associate Executive 
          Director is a member of the Executive Team. The Associate Executive 
          Director  ensures  effective communication of the (technical, schedule, 
          process) requirements of OSG and its stakeholders to the associated 
          projects, agreement and delivery of the contributions from  the associated 
          projects, and  ensure an effective matching of  the ongoing program of 
          work to the scientific needs of the stakeholders from the OSG.
</pre>
<p />
Communicates bidirectionally between the OSG core project and the associated projects.
MOTION to endorse Lothar as associate director.  
VOTE:  Eight votes yes, none opposed. 
<h4><a name="OUTCOME"></a> OUTCOME </h4>
The Council ENDORSES the motion to appoint Lothar Bauerdick as OSG Associate Executive Director.
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Planning_for_OSG_All_Hands_Meeti"></a> Planning for OSG All Hands Meeting next year (David Swanson, HCC) </h3>
<p />
Timing:  Ideally spring break: March 19-23, 2012. Many options for meeting space up to 200. Will probably need 110-150. New physics building with maximum seating for 146.  Multiple small labs and classrooms for break-outs, either in physics bldg or other space.
<p />
Hotels will be available, e.g. Embassy Suites $120. Fly into Lincoln or Omaha, rent a car or use shuttle service and walk.
<p />
Conflicts with other meetings? Probably won’t know until later. Important not to conflict w/ Taiwanese meeting, which is late Feb/early March.  Best to schedule it; get the ‘flag in the sand’.  
<p />
<h4><a name="OUTCOME_Action_Item_s_AN2"></a> OUTCOME/Action Item(s) </h4>
Post All Hands March 19-23, 2012, on OSG home; announcements elsewhere.
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Strategies_for_the_economics_of"></a> Strategies for the economics of the OSG Council Discussion </h3>
<p />
<h4><a name="Funding_the_effort_to_operate_th"></a> Funding the effort to operate the Council functions ?? </h4>
<p />
How many hours?  In past, 50% of his time, now better due to experience.  Bill Kramer, predecessor, said it’s at least 50% time to do it right.  
<p />
External Advisory Board – bring that into the mix.  NEES as an example:   governance board, more review/advisory and not tasks
<p />
Some things done by chair could be done by ET.  
VW: more on this. Could we sort it out so chair is 10-15% and ET does the ‘other’
Maybe identify pieces, fund them separately, make sure task is constrained to chairing meetings.
Council generates action items. Subcommittees are formed, and inordinate number are done by chair, due to not having other council members do so.
<p />
Steps taken so far were agreed upon to assure functionality of Council.  In order to change, we have to change operational function of council.
<p />
Diversity of OSG is what is so challenging, needing some level of expertise on things well outside your field.  Define functions carefully between advisory and operational.  “Staff” to do operational things.
<p />
KB: Also important to define what it means to be council member.  Expected to travel to two meetings per year, paid for by you.    
<p />
Richard: Paid for or not, could go either way. Don’t rule out good candidates by setting this in stone.
<p />
Separate compensation of chair from scope of chairpersonship.
<p />
Authoring Annual Report – is it in the council chair job?  No: Chander asked Paul last year, because he’s PI of OSG.  
<p />
Large VOs and experiments get their voice heard. So we’re back to the collective VO representation issue.
<p />
Each council member needs to represent their community.
<p />
GLUEX is an example of where it has succeeded, and it can’t go too fast or it won’t get institutionally accepted.  Lots of small VOs don’t yet have acceptance and are working toward it through the project.
<p />
Duties of chair:  No operational duties.  Call and chair meetings – that’s it.
<p />
Additional duties that have fallen to the chair past several years:
Web pages
Annual Report
Understand stakeholders and their activities.
<p />
Could ET do this instead of council?  --- Yes, ET or advisory board
Dan Fraser – switch gears a bit – Globus example.   Pool the wisdom, by giving people specific things to focus on. Reports were specific and incorporated into project planning.
Scott: It <em>is</em> working. Not sustainable with the 50% model, but OSG is progressing.
<p />
<h4><a name="OUTCOME_Action_Item_s_AN3"></a> OUTCOME/Action Item(s) </h4>
Request that for next council meeting, ET will cull the documents to say what council (including council chair) does now and present that. ET will circulate it one week before Aug meeting.
<p />
<p />
-- <span class="twikiNewLink">JenniferNahn<a href="/bin/edit/Main/JenniferNahn?topicparent=Council.Minutes2011May19Thursday" rel="nofollow" title="JenniferNahn (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - 24 May 2011</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2011May19-20" class="twikiLink">Agenda2011May19-20</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>Minutes2011May19Thursday</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r6 - 12 Oct 2016 - 14:56:56 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />