%TOC%

---+Documentation Meeting Notes Jun 28

The Meeting of the Documentation Group will be today at 11:00 AM CDT on the phone bridge at 317-274-4174.

 Attendees: Kyle, Fred, RobQ, Marcia, Jorge

---++Decisions and Changes

---+++ Movement to Mambo was delayed a few days because of problems with mySQL database.

   * Mambo has been moved to Fermi and is at dev.opensciencegrid.org/mambo/OSG/

---+++ One last sync between development instance and the fermi instance and we should be ok at fermi.

---+++  Finalize list of content tsars.

   * Jorge sent around this list. 
   * Administrators to add new elements... Jorge, Marcia, Penelope
   * Kyle will investigate the differences between Manager, Administrator, and Super Adminstrator
   * Marcia will back up Kyle

---+++ New Registration forms will be available later today as per Doug Olson&#39;s request.

   * Changes requested by Doug O, this will be ready later this afternoon

---+++ mySQL backend to registration

   * Where should this be located, does it matter.

---++Questions about Technology
 
---+++ DocDB?

   * this needs to be hooked up with the mambo to provide a basic interface
   * kyle and marcia will look at doing a simple interface
   * marcia will present an api that we can implement if it fills our needs

---++Other Topics

---+++ New content updates - Nothing major.  Changed a time on a page.

   * Kyle will make arrangements to go to fermi and show Marcia and Jorge the administration of the site
   * This should happen on Monday July 18th

-- Main.RobQ - 28 Jun 2005

