---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: Tuesday September 8th, 2009 
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending: *Kent Blackburn, Chander Sehgal, Scott Mcauley, Brad Abbott, Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Rob Quick, Michael Ernst, Horst Severini, Piotr Sliz, Richard Mount*
   * Regrets: *Ann Chervenak*

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   * Horst Severini; New DOSAR Representative (Interim Appointment) 

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Kent announced that Horst was now the new interim representative on the council, replacing Dick Greenwood. Horst reported that the decision for who would become the permanent replacement would be decided at the next DOSAR meeting in Sao Paulo later this month. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * OSG Executive Director [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-Sep08-2009][report]]

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Ruth noted that she has added a section to the report this morning discussing the activities of science domain reporting subgroup and they will talk further with Rob Quick, Abhishek Rana, and Brian Bockelman.

Ruth would like to get council endorsement on the proposal for the next Science Advisory Group, which includes candidate membership [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-Sep08-2009][see]]. The subgroup in charge (Jerome, Piotr, Scott and Ruth) have had discussions leading up to this proposal. This outlines a process for contacting new members and informing them of what OSG is doing, focusing on new users, Campus and Engagement. Kent asked if the subgroup had consensus and Piotr reported that he was in agreement with what Ruth wrote. Jerome wasn&#39;t on the call. Piotr did expect to speak with Jerome while at BNL today. Ruth expressed concern that the SAG not expand into the scope of the council to which Piotr completely agreed. Paul also agreed that the functionality of the Council and the SAG should be separate. Kent also agreed with what was proposed. Piotr noted that they were not certain that people proposed would take on the role. The subgroup felt the size for the SAG proposed was the right size to start with. In the event that we end up with a smaller sized SAG, we should proceed, assuming that the number of positive responses are sufficient. The Council was asked if they had any questions or comments and then a decision was made to allow Ruth to move forward on this proposal -&gt; plan. Ruth will provide those that give a positive response phone calls and reading materials. The goals will be to talk to members, bring them up to speed and then get inputs from them.

John Hover is back from vacation, so the architectural subgroup is planning to have a face to face meeting in early November at Fermilab. 

Horst will be the liaison with the GridUNESP partnership with help for operations from Rob Quick. Horst will be in Sao Paulo for the DOSAR meeting and will return in December to figure out what needs to be done.

Ruth is looking for council endorsement for the EGI HEP Specialized Support Center. This is aligned with the goals and directions of MPS and Ruth plans to speak with the acting director of MPI, Ed Seidel, before going to Barcelona. Rob Quick and Ruth will be attending the EGI &#39;09 workshop at the end of September. There will be senior NFS members at the meeting. This will show worth and benefit from the OSG for use in the next round of funding. Kent asked about the statement regarding legal institution signature. OSG is not a legal entity. Miron is looking into the possibility of UWM signing but they require a payment of a risk mitigation insurance which can not be paid by a federal body. Ruth is also talking with lawyer at Fermilab to see if there is a way Fermilab can sign. Don&#39;t know if we will be able to officially sign this agreement at this time but intend to go forward with defining our eagerness to participate. This sounds reasonable.

%ENDCOLOR%

   * OSG Project Manager [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_PjM_Report_08Sep09.pdf][Update]]

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Chander walked through his slide. He reported that the DOE money that was being held up is now mostly available. There is a $125K of funds being transferred from BNL to Chicago are not yet available. Also, the NSF funds for this year have now become available.

Chander also reported that he has gone back and reviewed the &quot;burn rate&quot; in more detail. He knows that adjustments are necessary and when he includes these adjustments, he finds we are burning at $6.3M per year which is close to the expected burn rate. This is a strong indicator that the unspent funds are attributed to late hiring. 

Chander reported that year 4 planning is pretty much on schedule, maybe a week behind. All the information for year for planning is in the Twiki at the URL provide in Chander&#39;s slides. He called out some staffing changes that are being worked out. Ruth asked about John Hover replacing Jay Packard for the GUMS support. Michael reported that this is true and that they would keep the OSG informed in the context of the Architecture subgroup in case modifications were needed.

The statement of work template has been updated and sent to the OSG Institutional PIs. The changes address development of our staff. Statements of Work will begin coming out at the end of this week. 

%ENDCOLOR%

   * OSG Executive Board Member (This month: TBD)

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Kent reported that he has been working to enlist reporting from others of the Executive Board per the Action Item he is carrying. No one had stepped up yet. Kent asked Rob Quick if he would mind giving a brief report which he agreed to. Rob reported that is role is under operations and production primarily, working  a lot with the centralized systems. MyOSG is getting a lot of attention. VORS was recently shutdown. Looking into fail-overs using the ITB from networks.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * Selecting Venue and Date for Next All Hands Meeting
      * Venue: At this time FNAL and Clemson have offered to host
         * Clemson constrained to week of March 15th, 2010
         * FNAL constraints?
      * Date: See current response on [[http://www.doodle.com/gvkh3ngh6gdvdbep][Doodle Poll]]

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Kent discussed progress on planning the schedule and venue for the next All-Hands Meeting. On the call schedules were checked for possible conflicts. Discussed that both Fermilab and Clemson. Clemson is constrained to the Week of March 15th. Looking at the Doodle poll and using feedback, it was agreed that the week of March 8th through the 11th would be the best week to proceed. This focuses the meeting venue to Fermilab. Kent will send an email to Vicky, cc&#39;ing Ruth and Paul to confirm that this week is acceptable for Fermilab.

%ENDCOLOR%

   * Meeting with Carol Song &amp; Preston Smith to discuss possible collaborative activities
      * Teleconference: August 25th attended by Kent, Paul, Carol, &amp; Presto

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Paul spoke to the meetings with Carol and Preston, along with John Towns and Ruth at one of the meetings. Basically looking for ways to collaborate with TeraGrid. One of the areas has to do with distributed storage between OSG and TG. John has requested for inputs from others to get a broader set of ideas to see if there a couple that are likely to have the highest merits. There is a follow-up meeting planned for tomorrow.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report for Pending Action Items (see [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][List]])

   1. Promote the appointment of “Collective VO” representatives: *COMPLETED*
   1. Review current organizational structure for the OSG Council: *COMPLETED*
   1. Develop capability to measure the science domains being served by OSG resources: *COMPLETED - SEE ITEM 12*
   1. Evaluate concept of placing small scale parallel (MPI) clusters some OSG sites: *Owned by OSG Executive Team*
   1. Develop a plan to support virtual machine user/apps: *Owned by Jerome Lauret, Ruth Pordes, Sebastien Goasguen*
   1. Bring Area Coordinator Reporting to the monthly Council telecons: *Owned by Kent, Paul, Members of Executive Board*
   1. Evaluate how best to stagger Executive Director Term to account for current overlap with Council Co-Chairs and provide continuity: *Owned by Kent, Paul, Richard Mount*
   1. Evaluate how best to stagger Council Chair(s) Term(s) to account for current overlap with Executive Director and provide continuity: *Owned by Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
   1. Evaluate how best to establish and exercise Science Advisory Group (SAG): *Owned by Ruth Pordes, Scott McCauley?, Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz*
   1. Establish a subcommittee of the Open Science Grid (Executive Board) to determine how to migrate effort from core activities to provide support and architecture for the long term: *COUNCIL RECOMMENDATIONS DELIVERED TO OSG EB*
   1. Evaluate risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems: *Owned by Bill Johnston*
   1. Inform and iterate with the OSG VO Liaisons regarding the collection of science domain metrics. Work with VOs to accurately define their science domain areas for the purpose of these metrics: *Owned by Scott McCauley*

%BLUE% *minutes:*

First 4 action items have been closed, however the 4th one has a spin off action in number 12. The Council with through the list hearing from owners of each. 

4) Still expecting to be funded for FTE only. Have begun to talk to Dan and Miron about what resources are already on the OSG that could be provided that support MPI. Ruth expect that Purdue, GLOW, Florida, Nebraska are four existing and we certainly didn&#39;t want to deploy more than 4 a year. It was also noted that SBGRID, OU have resources that are configured and could be made available. Horst and Piotr were asked to contact Dan Frasier to discuss involvement.

5) Virtual Machine action item was reported by Ruth that progress was slow, but it did exist. 

6) Kent is working to schedule Exec Board reporting for the year. Ruth will also encourage the EB to participate.

7) Kent reported that a doodle poll and documents were shared with Richard and Paul. He is awaiting for a concrete date to proceed.

8) Piotr reported that he will be talking to Jerome on this while he is at BNL today and tomorrow. 

9) The SAG progress was reported on during the Exec Director&#39;s report earlier in the meeting.

10) The requirement is to deliver report by November 15th. Expect that Patrick, Michael, Ian and possibly Jerome will participate.

11) Bill was not on the call, but the plan is to hear from Bill on this at our next Face-to-Face Mtg.

12) Scott and Rob Quick have been discussing about the effort and direct contact after concerns over response from email. Ruth is encouraging the email to notify VOs that this information is being collected.

Good progress is being made on these action items.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues:

   * Ongoing Goals/Milestones 
   * Planning for the Future

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Going around the table:

*Rob Quick* reported that setting up the SLA for BDII with ATLAS and CMS was underway and that the were setting up SLAs for all central services. 

*Brad Abbott* reported that there have been issues with preemption causing things to get pretty bad at times resulting in a huge waist of CPU. This was seen mostly at CMS sites. This is currently in the hands of the site policies and difficult to get traction on any changes at individual sites. Some would say that applications should be able to support preemption. Kent reported that this was an issue for a LIGO application which was improved greatly by changing the application. Horst reported that ATLAS and DZERO codes were not in any shape to be able to modify to support preemption. Brad said he could investigate how much work would be involved and report back. Based on the effort needed, several options might present themselves, including the Council Chairs approaching CMS regarding policies changes, an analysis may make it possible for OSG to provide help through extensions. 

*Michael Ernst* reported that US ATLAS is running a large scale production run for nearly 10 weeks producing ~400M events and are now entering the analysis phase. This has been very helpful and look forward to running analysis. Also had a meeting at CERN where lots of discussions were held over beer to address the so called &quot;last mile&quot; problem. Expect lots of activities with the Tier 3s in the near future.

%ENDCOLOR%


---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Ruth noted that of the funded institutions in the OSG, only Nebraska is not represented on the Council. Kent raised the question of whether or not Nebraska should be invited to have a council position. Ruth reported that Nebraska has &quot;Firefly&quot; a 6000 node cluster. This is analogous to how DOSAR was brought into the Council. It was noted that it would be best to have a presentation at the next Face-to-Face Council meeting by Dave Swanson. Dave would apply to the Council co-Chairs for membership which could be considered by the council at the March Face-to-Face meeting. Kent will contact David Swanson inviting him to apply to be on the council with the schedule for consideration.

%ENDCOLOR%

-- Main.KentBlackburn - 31 Aug 2009

