---+!!&lt;nop&gt;Stakeholders Meeting Summary (February 2014)
%TOC%

---+Introduction
The first Quarterly Meeting took place on February , 12th 2014.

---++Attending
   * Lothar Bauerdick 
   * Gerard Bernabeu 
   * Brian  Bockelman  
   * Joe Boyd
   * Tim Cartwright 
   * Michael Ernst 
   * Stuart Fuess 
   * Rob Gardner
   * Gabriele Garzoglio 
   * John Hover
   * Marco Mambelli 
   * Ruth Pordes
   * Chander Sehgal
   * David Swanson 
   * Steven Timm 
   * Margaret Votava 
   * Tanya Levshina
---++Apologies
   * Burt Holzman
   * Rob Quick 
 
---++Agenda
---+++Gratia Status
 [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakehodersMeetingSummary2014Feb/Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting_2014-1.v1.0.pdf][Status Report]]  - Tanya Levshina

---+++ Fermi Scoreboard Project (Survey results) 
 [[%ATTACHURL%/gratia-stakeholders-mm-140212.pdf][Scoreboard survey results]] - Marco Mambelli

---+++ Stakeholder Issues 
---++++Fermi

*FermiCloud*

__Steven Timm__

   1. !OpenNebula 4 testing is in progress, thus far only minor modifications needed to the probe.
   1. We expect to deploy the Idle VM detection/reclamation software that was developed in last summer&#39;s CRADA.  Part of this will be investigating if we want to report the idle/busy data of this probe to Gratia.
   1. Default !FermiCloud VM&#39;s currently are launched with a gratia-probe-psacct.  We are wondering if anyone in management is using the psacct data anymore.

*Operation*

__Joe Boyd__

   1. We are planning on moving the support of the underlying gratia databases to the Database Administration group here at Fermilab and capitalize on their expertise to keep the gratia databases running smoothly.  
   1. We will come up with the hardware plans to upgrade the gratia cluster as soon as we settle where the databases will go.  
   1. We are still working on decommisioning the old reporters (CHG000000007127)
   1. Memory problems are down to a minimum after boosting the available memory, planning on doubling memory limits with the new HW

*dCache Archive Project*

__Dmitry O Litvintsev__ 

On behalf of dCache project at Fermilab, thanks for great support of gratia.

Things that we consider to be useful:
   1. handle new user vo mapping automatically. May be outside the scope of gratia project.
   2. modification for dCache transfer probe bytes transferred by VOs:
      * be able to plot writes and reads
      * be able to plot all/only successful transfers

&lt;img src=&quot;https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakehodersMeetingSummary2014Feb/Screen_Shot_2014-02-11_at_2.53.11_PM.png&quot;  border=&quot;1&quot; alt=&quot;dCache&quot; /&gt;
   
---++++Nebraska 
From __Brian__:
 Can&#39;t think of anything &quot;pressing&quot; for this quarter.
The biggest dev item is the SLURM probe trudging along.  Considering the available effort, it&#39;s probably best we keep at just that for a quarter.

---++++OSG
*OSG Accounting (__Chander__)*
   * !CampusGrid jobs submitted from or flocking to  osg-xsede submission node (doesn&#39;t include XD jobs) since 2014/1/1: 
|*CampusGrid*|*VOName*|*Wall Hours*|
| OSG-XSEDE  | osg                     |1,717,008.1| 
| OSGCONNECT | OSG-Connect |   343,901.0| 
| Bakerlab   | !BakerLab                 |     92,147.6| 
| ISI        | osg                                |          443.3| 
   * XD jobs submitted from or flocking to  osg-xsede submission node  since 2014/1/1
|*CampusGrid*|*VOName*|*Wall Hours*|
| OSG-XSEDE  | osg |6,508,813.0| 

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakehodersMeetingSummary2014Feb/OSG_User_Support_Gratia_Wishlist.pdf][OSG Whishlist]]

*Gratia &amp; OSG Software (__Tim__)*
   * The software development process for the Gratia probes is a mess
      * All probe source code is in a single package
      * All probes must be built together, then build products are partitioned into binary packages
      * One broken probe can hold up updates to all others — have not released update to probes since October
      * There are many probe developers, and yet Tanya gets involved in nearly all updates, at least a little
   * Met on 6 February 2014 to discuss process and improvements
   * Will propose better process and, most likely, subdivision of probe source code soon
   * Also changing developers for OSG Software-owned probes


---++++CMS
From __Burt__: We&#39;re swamped right now unfortunately with a lot of Tier 1 work
proceeding and a USCMS S&amp;C review. I don&#39;t think we&#39;ll be presenting or
attending unfortunately -- sorry!

---++++ATLAS




-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 10 Feb 2014

