---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Mar11][March 11]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+ Gratia

Next 2 meeting are canceled.

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi

Chris: just minor installation issues.

Don: Transfer upload backload is currently cpu bound.

Philippe: Yes we need to upgrade the software.  I am thinking of possibly delaying the release for a round of CPU optimization.
Also we considered rejecting local transfer.

Chris: Fermi Transfer is now caught up due to a decrease in use.

---+++RSV

---++OSG

Philippe:  OIM has (apparently) deprecated a URL we were using for reporting __without__ notice (that I know of).

Brian: Humm the link being used is actually a myosg link ... I need to find out if MyOSG is an &#39;official&#39; service of OSG and can be rely upon to build other tools.

Ruth: Actually it is an official OSG service that can be rely upon.

Brian: but I still need to find out what John should recommend to EGEE/APEL.

Chris: Also RSV has change their interface and the RSV probe monitoring the Gratia probe need to be updated.
As I am testing on various system, I am seeing that the usefulness of this probe as an RSV is very limited.   Too much of the &#39;useful&#39; test _requires_ to be root.

Brian: My recollection is that without root you can not diagnosis the root cause of the problem but you can still already flag the gratia probe as being not functional.
The number one priority for this probe is to detect that __something__ is wrong.   If the admin wants more information, he can/should re-run the probe as root.

Chris: The simple test could be done centrally.

Brian: Yes but it is important for the site to have the information locally.

---++WLCG

Philippe:  The updates in Gratia and the &quot;OSG Upload to WLCG&quot; project should be small scale.
Gratia is already acquiring the DN and if the user used voms-proxy-init also the FQAN.
Gratia currently summarizes on a variation of the DN and has access to the FQAN (when available).
If WLCG requires the DN in its original format we will need to update the Collector otherwise we are ready.
The update to the &quot;OSG Upload to WLCG&quot; project should cost less than one week.

---++Fermi/CD

Jim: Ruth was right in recommending _not to_ have yet another requirements warning they would only keep going on ... and this is what happened.

Jim: Vicky is backing off the requirement to be able &#39;deal/handle&#39; case where the asset never report and go for an auto-registration type of mechanism.

Jim: I will send another set of requirement and then move on to the next phase (see how much it will cost to upgrade Gratia to meet the requirements)

Ruth: About the self-registration, you should look at GIP and the Glue schema.

---++Development

---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity
