---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Sep02][September 2]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

Dan, Chris, Brian, Philippe, Karthik, John H, Aaron

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

v1.06 release status.

Probes

    QCD update has been implemented and tested and put in production (reprocessing the existing data)
    Running through a large PBS is not faster.  LSF probe will need an update in v1.08 to address the fact that it parse the &#39;large&quot; LSF accounting file before sending anything to Gratia.
     Nothing is expected.

Collector:

     Waiting on Brian&#39;s update to enable Origin tracking in the new classes.
     Waiting decision on the DN updates of the summary tables.
     Housekeeping has been re-enabled (patch release of v1.04a on its way).

---+Services Operation

Dan:  Backups partition are full.  The re-start of the housekeeping will help with that.

---+OSG

Brian: RSV probes is being tested on the ITB and we have not yet heard any technical issues

Brian: OSG is thanking Gratia for the job status update.

Brian: OSG is moving forward with the naming convention document.  For Gratia it means that
the Gratia SiteName will becoming to be the OIM ResourceName.    The EGEE/WLCG upload
will need to adapt (EGEE/WLCG assumes/needs the resource group name).

---+WLCG 

nothing.

---+Fermi/CD

nothing.

---+Development

---++ DN summarization (John Hover)

John: I got a collector up and running a BNL and I am starting to play with the code.  Is there an
automated way to do updates of a running VDT based collector.

Chris: You will need to talk to John Weigand.

John: Who should I talk to about the coding?

Philippe: Chris and I.

John: I am guessing that I should have something ready by the end of the week.

Philippe: We will hold off on the code freeze until next week.

---++ BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

Brian: still waiting on Condor release.

---++ Storage report (Karthik).

A) Report (and graphs) for Transfer information and for Storage information

    a) Alarm of discrepancies between the list of VO in Gratia and the VO in OIM via email reports

    b) Update report to support the Grid, Number of Core and application exit code field in email report

Brief status: Currently I am actively working on a) - preliminary version is complete and has been checked into svn. It needs to be further modified and improved. Once a) is done, I plan to work on b) and then I plan to work on A). This is where things stand. Let me know if you have any comments or need more information.

Brian: We should have tables and have the date the non oim vo first appeared and where.

Brian: What about capitalization?

Philippe: We currently enforce / assume lower case for all vos.  Changing this would require a comprehensive approach and probably more integration with OIM (to get the casing coherent).

Brian: Several issues need to be addressed.  The name in OIM might not be the name everybody would want.
In addition the voms-proxy would need to have the same capitalization.

Brian: What about CMS vs USCMS and ATLAS vs USATLAS?

Philippe: We have some hard coding and some operation vigilance to handle it.

Brian: We need to address to this within the GIP context, whomever address it could also address the Gratia issue.

---++ FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

Nothing.

---++ Testing framework (Aaron)

Aaron: Having some difficulties with installation.  Will probably need to install more packages.
What about the PBS and LSF probe testing?  Will I need to install PBS and LSF.

Chris: Since they are basically log scrappers, to test the basic functionality you only need 
samples logs.    What would be missing is testing the connection to the Gram information,
but the code is the same for all probes and hence testing one would be enough.

Aaron: The make is failing for me.

Philippe: Yes you must install the java (compiler) (jdk).

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
