---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2007Sep19][September 19]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++ Attending

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++ Apologies

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

&lt;!--

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * John Urish.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting

---++Gratia sysadmin and operations tasks

---++DB and Schema issues

   * John: I&#39;m worried about how we can continue to use the [[][collector upgrade path]] after we&#39;ve upgraded the databases to INNODB? How do we efficiently create a snapshot of an INNODB database?
      * John: I will email Diana.
   * John and Chris: much back and forth with ATLAS over WLCG accounting. 
      * Problems with the need to account for local condor jobs. Shawn McKee is now writing condor history files per job into the data area from the pilot manager and these are being treated as Condor 6.9 ClassAd files.
      * Also serious problems with under-reporting of CPU for some jobs using Condor.
      * Several cases of =Unknown= VO translation for known ATLAS UIDs (eg =usatlas01=).
      * Work needed on normalization factor for various sites.

---+++!! Action

   * John: email Diana.
   * Chris &amp; John: continue to follow up with ATLAS on WLCG issues.

---++Collector/Report development

   * Penelope: I have a Birt 2.2 version of the collector running on =gratiax21=. The =common/lib= area is no longer used by the new Birt code. How do we want to handle putting the Birt viewer in the repository and making the (small) number of changes required?
   * Chris: Obtain the correct version at release build time and apply patches there. Please provide details of what you would do and John and/or I will script it into the =Makefile=.
   * Discussion about what Birt2.2 check-ins have done to the head and how to remove them from the head and put them on a branch was rendered moot by a later email from Penelope saying that what is currently checked in is not activated so should not disrupt installs still expecting to operate with Birt 2.0.
   * Jeff: some work with Karthik on storage reports and a little development in 2.2.

---+++!! Action

   * Penelope: still need to sit down with Margherita.
   * Penelope: get details to John and Chris.
   * Chris &amp; John: make it go.

---++Probes

   * Chris: tests and last-minute fix to =Gratia.py= for metric record uploads containing strange characters. Just made it into VDT 1.8.1.
   * More tickets.

---++Storage Probe

---++Test Bed

---++Metrics

   * IU have upgraded their collector to the one shipped with VDT 1.8.1.
   * See note on =Gratia.py= fix, above.

---++Any Other Business

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 28 Sep 2007
