Date: Thursday, August 18th; Time: noon Central

Tel: 510-665-5437; ID: 1111

Present: Alain, Brian, Chander, Ruth. Apologies: Torre, Miron

Agenda:

1. Plan for LHC Client Tools - Alain

Expecting a written plan (a la BDII). Alain will do this for the next week. Include scope, testing. Get signoff by the stakeholders - ATLAS, CMS. etc.

2. Impact on OSG of end of development for Gratia external project - Brian

Worries:

   * Security of probes: Security Officer wants this. Need to follow up on technical issues. 
   * Record archiving rates for transfers compared to needs. Will eventually reach hardware limit, whatever hardware is deployed. Mitigation is forwarding only summary records from the local collectors to the central repositories. Has impact on auditability for security officer. Feel that this functionality could be added within the proposed OSG effort. How to determine if the summary tables at the central db are sufficient for our needs? Does this trade of development time now vs security operational effort later. Need a discussion of auditing and forensics. 
   * From Software: 2 things needed; continued development vs ongoing support: Fermilab external project has ~1.0 FTE remaining on the project for maintenance and support. Expect some move to new versions of products, new batch system probes etc. Probe responsibilities need to be understood. Will need support for this. This is included in the commitment to &quot;maintenance&quot;.
   * Add to the impact what to the WLCG accounting report scripts. This is being separated from Gratia development project. Will continue as joint US ATLAS/US CMS contribution. What should be the relationship/scope of being part of OSG? 
 Action item: Request impact on this from Security Officer. Brian add 2 sentences to last item to be explicit of impact on information available to the Security Officer.

3. Sign off on BDII Plan? - Chander

  - Remaining signature needed is from Miron. 

4. Plan for transition from old to new organizations - Ruth
&lt;blockquote style=&quot;margin-top: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-left: 40px; border-width: initial; border-color: initial; border-style: none; padding: 0px&quot;&gt;1. Institute Weekly Friday meetings between core-ET (Miron, Chander, Ruth) &amp;ndash; done.&lt;br /&gt;2. Get ET agreement on new cooperative agreement; Sent it to the JOT, getting Council, PI, ED signatures. Issues needs clarifying of who submits reports (all organizational PIs or PI)? To date we have submitted one report. Agreement that all reports are the same if there are separate ones (how to record this - it was decided early on I think?)&lt;br /&gt;3. Have a &amp;ldquo;core-ET&amp;rdquo; phone meeting with Alain to together discuss how to organize, schedule for, who attends software meetings and software tools &amp;ndash; by August 15th. Done&lt;br /&gt;4. Ruth send email to all OSG Staff on planned transition - August 22nd.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;

In parallel Ruth is updating the management plan. We are reviewing the OSG project meetings. We are writing down more of the various roles and scope.

5. Action Item List - Ruth&#39;s top three

-- Main.RuthPordes - 18 Aug 2008
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Gratia_Impact_Document.pdf][Gratia_Impact_Document.pdf]]: Gratia_Impact_Document.pdf

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Action_Item_Register_08-11-08.xls][OSG_Action_Item_Register_08-11-08.xls]]: OSG_Action_Item_Register_08-11-08.xls

