+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Matt, Mine, Tim C., Ken, Brian, Gabriele, Rob Q.


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++  Mine Altunay - Security
   * Distributed Computing Access through Federated identities (DCAFI): 
      * Phase I: successfully transitioned several experiments over the last weeks. Overall a great success but had some glitches. 
         * Dave D. made multiple releases fixing bugs reported by experiments.
         * Dave D. also gave a talk during NSF CyberSecurity Summit [[http://trustedci.org/s/Computing-Grid-Access-with-Federated-Identity.pdf][http://trustedci.org/s/Computing-Grid-Access-with-Federated-Identity.pdf]]
      * Phase II: accepting other IdPs than Fermilab IdP.
   * Operations
      * We had an issue with a user in a disabled VO, who was able to retrieve a certificate signed by DigiCert. We learned that the VO was disabled a long time ago and was never transitioned to CILogon OSG CA. Also, OIM was allowing certificate requests from disabled VOs and had DigiCert as default certificate signer. 
         * OIM fixed the bug and set CILogon as default certificate signer.
         * The issue was communicated to DigiCert. They offered to disable the API entirely for OSG. API was supposed to be used for revocation after the contract ended, but that feature is not working, so we agree on disabling the API entirely. https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/30812
      * Vulnerabilities/Incidents:
         * Vulnerability in OpenLDAP, which allows unauthenticated remote DoS, by sending a tampered message and making OpenLDAP daemon crash.
            * Jeny Performed testing on OSG BDII ITB regarding the vulnerability announced in OpenLDAP.  However, since OSG BDII is coming to its end-of-life, GOC and OSG Security decided to do not apply the security updates. https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/30708
         * Vulnerabilities reported in Perfsonar: Shawn McKee confirmed that the version installed in OSG&#39;s Perfsonar instances is 3.5.1.4 contained the security updates https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/30595
      * Jeny gave a talk at WISE Workshop during XSEDE’16 about how OSG approaches Operational Security https://wiki.geant.org/download/attachments/59248511/WISE_2016_Talk_OSGSec.pdf?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1468870769835&amp;api=v2
   * HEPCloud Risk assessment
   * Discussion about Singularity
      * Seems to provide reasonable isolation, protection from escalation to root
      * Open questions remain about traceability / accountability / logging in the context of OSG and our implementation
   * Security Drill: Did not have success submitting jobs following different set of instructions. Anand and Jeny have worked on this. No success so far.
   * Globus GSSAPI Name compatibility (strict mode) implementation coming into OSG Software stack. 
      * Jeny made a quick verification over the certificates used in OSG services: myosg, bdii, repo., ticket, gratiaweb,… and send recommendations to GOC to update the certificates
   * Security Training for VOs 
      * Updated version.
      * Upcoming security training for 2 new VOs.
   * So far Frank, Susan, Mine and Brian agreed that Mine will shift her focus on HEPCloud and Susan will start spending more time on OSG. Specifically Mine will continue to report effort to operational security and the IR, and Susan will be responsible for the new goals such as software assurance and program evaluation. 


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes


Key Initiatives
   1. HEP Cloud Risk Trash/Trash/Assessment to be delivered in 1 week.
   2. Singularity (container technology to substitute gLExec) provides user isolation; investigating traceability, accountability and logging.
   3. Security Drill: slow progress: facing issues with job submission

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Adjusting effort on Security at Fermilab to align with Susan taking leadership. Agreeing with relevant parties on priorities of Fermilab effort and Susan&#39;s effort.

Key Accomplishments
   1. DCAFI project (transition of FIFE VOs to CILogon basic CA) is successful. Presented at the NSF CyberSecurity Summit. Currently using only Fermilab IdP: proposed Phase II to accept other IdPs.





-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 19 Jul 2016
