%TOC%

---+ Operations Meeting January 9, 2006
Attendees: Steve, Bockjoo, Aron, Fred, Rob, Leigh, Kyle, Tim, Burt, Neha, Dan
---++ Previous Meeting Notes
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesDecember19
---++ Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall
---+++ Fermilab
Steve - VOMS upgrade...VOMS server updates??? Rob made changes to the 0.4.0 package last week to address these issues.
---+++ USATLAS
No issues.
---+++ USCMS
Burt - ATLAS application /tmp directory (sent to ATLAS SC this AM).
---+++ CDF
No issues.
---+++ DES/SDSS
No issues.
---+++ DZero
No issues.
---+++ fMRI
No issues.
---+++ GADU
No issues.
---+++ GLOW
No issues.
---+++ GRASE
No issues.
---+++ LIGO
Domain name management such as LIGO.OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG. Fermilab owns the OSG domain, so this would need to be addressed with them. This will also be discussed at tomorrow&#39;s Documentation Meeting. 
---+++ STAR
No issues.
---++ Current OSG Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

331 - Burt will followup, nothing new as of last meeting.

519 - Aron working on this. Expect update end of this wk or next month.

658 - still having an authorization failure at last check, we will followup.

419 - Leigh tested and it works but Steve will confirm and we will close ticket.

555 - Rob sent mail to Luiz this morning.

582 - storage element red on GridCat

593 - close and follow ticket 606 on Geant4 VO

652 - to be discussed tomorrow at the Documentation Meeting.

688 - GridCat node count will not be displayed in the new version.
---++ Other Issues
No meeting next week due to the MLK holiday. No meeting the week after due to Consortium Meeting in FL. We will meet again January 30.
---+++ VOMS Upgrades (FNAL)
Ticket to be created by the GOC.

-- Main.RobQ - 09 Jan 2006
