---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Alain, Rob G, Chander, Rob Q, Brian, Mine, Ruth, (Regret from Dan)

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Send emails to Jemise who will update Indico; Condor Week announcement sent to Jemise

---++ Follow-up Action Items

   * Tanya Levshina (wearing Gratia hat) is asked to talk to Mats Rynge about the AMIE interface planned for the OSG-XSEDE submit host and determine any requirements for Gratia.   If possible we want to minimize short term &quot;hacks&quot; and move in the direction consistent with a longer term view.

   * Mats Rynge is asked to check on what sites will be used by OSG-XSEDE as part of VO=osg and insure communication with them to make sure that we have a success path for XSEDE jobs at those sites.

   * Chander is asked to talk to John !McGee about the various kinds of job submission methods (flocking, submit hosts, etc.) that flow into VO=engage and insure conformance to OSG policies (AUP, security considerations, etc.)

   * Chander is asked to show partner names and effort contribution on future User Support Reports (e.g. at PNNL we have David Cowley working with us on this planning)

   * Chander is asked to develop a method (update the wiki pages or use JIRA) to provide &quot;passive visibility&quot; to the User Support work for the Area Coordinators and OSG Management


---++ User Support - Chander Sehgal

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/User_Support_Report_1feb2012.pdf][User Support Report 1feb2012]]




-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 24 Jan 2012


