%TOC%

---+ Meeting Information
 
---++ Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Tuesday June 21, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 11:00 AM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 866-740-1260 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 9030201 |

---++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.SuchandraThapa

---++ Guests

   * Ruth
   * Chander
   * Rob

---++ Not Attending

   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.KyleGross
   * Main.BrianBockelman

---+ Agenda

   * Status of [[Trash/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][CE Documentation]]
   * Objectives for the CE area till 10/01/11

---+ Summary

   * Robert becomes CE documentation area coordinator and will join the ITB meetings to coordinate the effort
   * Robert will work on documents being supported by reviewers and testers
   * Navigation landing pages to be released to the documentation area coordinators by mid July
   * plan meeting with Suchandra and Jim at Fermilab in August to finish CE area
   * plan documentation fest with documentation area coordinators beginning of September
   * make plans for short-term transition of CE area to Suchandra and documentation lead to Jim by September


-- Main.RobertEngel - 20 Jun 2011
