---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Wednesday, April 20th, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. &amp; Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees
Rob Quick, Kent Blackburn, Robert Engel, Igor Sfiligoi, Maxim Potekhin, John McGee, Mine Altunay, Marco Mambelli, Chander Sehgal

---++ Agenda


   * 1.5 Engagement - John !McGee _confirmed_

   * 1.8 Content Management - Robert Engel

   * 2.1 [[20110420osgscal][Scalability, Rliability, Software Certification and Usability - Igor Sfiligoi]]

   * 2.2 Workload Management Systems [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Management/20110420AgendaMinutes/WMS_Area_Report_20110420.ppt][PPT]]- [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Management/20110420AgendaMinutes/WMS_Area_Report_20110420.pdf][PDF]] - Maxim Potekhin

   * Any New Business - All

---++ Meeting Minutes

---+++ 1.5 Engagement - John !McGee

   * New Engage VO Infrastructure; new hardware and disk in place, only a 5TB allocation currently but can grow as needed. GlideinWMS is the new default submit mechanism. Deployment of GWMS is complete and Mats/Steve are beginning to migrate users to test the new scalability.

   * Have begun conversations with Baker Lab re Rosetta. Initial design: Baker Lab will deploy a new Condor pool on their network edge and flock with the Engage VO pool. Waiting for Baker lab to acquire and deploy new hardware (couple of weeks); in the meantime, we plan to flock between UW and Engage VO to try CHTC jobs and validate the concept. Baker Lab seemed willing to deploy and manage services (eg their own submit host) however we felt it important to not start with this model, but will keep it on the table as an option. 

   * Molecular Dynamics work is progressing nicely.


---+++ 1.8 Content Management - Robert Engel

   * also see [[Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/OSGReports/UpdateWbs][WBS Section 1.8]]

---++++ 1.8.1.1 Run Weekly Meetings

   * no meeting since AHM 2011 due to time constraints (sick, vacation)
   * weekly meetings will begin again this week with 3 out of 9 documentation area coordinators (CE, Operations, VO)

---++++ 1.8.2.2 Complete testing an effective &quot;user&quot; search for Documentation 

   * we have a [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocFind][prototype]] running for a long time to query documents integrated into the process
   * effective Google search depends on moving all relevant documents into the [[ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][Release Documentation Web]] and masking all other documents from Google
   * navigation is more effective and should be done first

---++++ 1.8.2.4 Participate planning support for new content management infrastructure for OSG Prime

   * Jim Weichel contributed to the effort

---++++ 1.8.2.5 Provide effective navigation 

   * [[https://twiki-docteam.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][prototype]] was developed before the AHM 2011
   * I was very busy since the AHM 2011 to complete work on E@OSG 1.5.x that was delayed since January 2010 due to work on documentation
   * I&#39;ll finish and deploy the new navigation on the production using 100% of my time during the next couple of weeks

---++++ 1.8.2.6 Provide Collaborative Document Rating for Twiki 

   * should be dropped from WBS
   * I suggested Tim Cartwright to provide 1/10 FTE effort to contribute to document rating, we do not have enough FTEs to complete this item

---++++ 1.8.2.8 Complete Review and Test of Documentation under Content Mgmt Control, Provide Release

   * this item is 72% complete by today
   * the deadline for this item was repeatedly shifted to later dates
   * main problems are slow progress in CE and VO area
   * the partition into 1/10 FTE is problematic, because documentation area coordinators do not keep a count on this small amount of time
   * we only receive minimal support from the OSG community for this community project ( no feedback on OSG newsletter, very few volunteers )
   * suggest to reduce number of people involved, but increase to full-time FTEs preferably on the same location for OSG Prime

| *Area*  | *Coordinator* | *Documents* | *Reviewed* | *Tested* | *Released* | *Completed* |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]]  | Main.SuchandraThapa |  72 |  39 |  17/28 |  33 |  46% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Storage][Storage]]  | Main.TanyaLevshina |  41 |  35 |  21/25 |  36 |  88% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Security][Security]]  | Main.JamesBarlow |  35 |  35 |  8/8 |  35 |  100% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/General][General]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  52 |  48 |  4/5 |  48 |  92% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Tier3][Tier3]]  | Main.MarcoMambelli |  26 |  10 |  4/6 |  18 |  69% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Operations][Operations]]  | Main.ElizabethChism |  17 |  12 |  10/15 |  12 |  71% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/VO][VO]]  | Main.TerrenceMartin |  22 |  2 |  4/7 |  3 |  14% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/User][User]]  | Main.BrianBockelman |  20 |  17 |  11/13 |  19 |  95% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Integration][Integration]]  | Main.SuchandraThapa |  4 |  4 |  1/1 |  4 |  100% |
| All  |  |  289 |  202 |  80/108 |  208 |  72% |


---++++ 1.8.2.9 Integrate Document Release Process into OSG Software Release Process 

   * depends on completion of 1.8.2.8
   * project only has minimal support from Trash/Trash/Integration Team already

---++++ 1.8.2.10 Evaluate Documentation Improvements

   * run usability test with Jim Weichel on AHM 2011, which showed that reviewed and tested documents may work well on their own, but fail as part of a simple user task. 
   * we plan to run small scale usability tests as soon as Navigation is finished
   * first within the documentation group
   * later with volunteers from the OSG community
 

-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 07 Apr 2011

