---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * New Research Highlight on sPHENIX, Mu2E, and MEMPhys
      * Some delays in August science highlight due to vacations - NOvA highlight coming soon
   * Record Production Levels write up coming soon
   * Draft &quot;Calling Card&quot; produced at the request of the OSG Council going to ET early tomorrow morning for review and comment.
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * Rob, Kathrine, and Kyle tweeting/retweeting items. If you have short items you&#39;d like sent let one of us know. 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Spam attack on opensicence.grid.org website
      * Created additional hurdles for Katherine to access and update site

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. Soichi has begun his transition to his new position
      * Now 50% FTE on OSG mostly concentrating on PerfSONAR service deployment. 
      * Sarah Schmiechen taking on added responsibilities
         * Specifically internal monitoring and ticket presentation exchange.  
      * Gathering resumes for a replacement but it is slow going to this point. 
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Production date scheduled for September 14th. 
      * Beta services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
      * Hardware racked and ready
         * Additional drives are being procured
      * Monitoring implemented and added to top level Operational status page
   4. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
         * Operations Collector fully functional and [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgstatushistory/index?datasource=statushistory&amp;start_type=7daysago&amp;end_type=now&amp;rg=on&amp;rg_406=on&amp;active=on&amp;active_value=1][stable]] 
      * I think we can call this plan completed and now work on a Globus retirement plan, which consists of transitioning all non-WLCG resources that have not yet transitioned. 
   5. Accounting
      * Updates mostly done, chasing some fringe problems. 
         * WT2 under reporting. [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/26090][Ticket]]
         * LC-glcc missing for Alice 
   6. OASIS V2
      * Significant progress made
         * Still very heavyweight for an operations service
         * Addressing issues of repos not in the opensciencegrid.org or egi.eu domains
   7. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We&#39;ve been moving backwards with new perfsonar and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
      * OSG Environment Discovery
         * Based on job activity not registration
      * Cleaning up expired/out dated documents from the TWiki
         * Begun gathering metrics on TWiki usage to determine what are the most visited pages
         * Determine a proper archiving method, we want to remove documents from public but keep a record for revisiting if necessary
   8. !StashCache 
      * Redirector deployed in ITB
      * Monitoring of caches added
   9. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are evaluating Service Now ticketing
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators.
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Soichi now 50%
      * Bill Barnett left as IU PI in July - I will assume interim duties and seat on the council
      * My interim management duties of the Advanced Bioinformatics Technology Core group is wrapping up
      * Elizabeth is out on maternity leave
   2. Service Effort Adding Up
      * We&#39;ve moved from &quot;Currently sustainable but there are limits&quot; - Worried about effort going forward. 
      * Additional pressure in this area due to staffing changes
      * OASIS is still very effort heavy
   3. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   4. BDII Deprecation
      * Active discussion with technology and WLCG on how to handle information services
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes



---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
