---++ Weekly Failures and Incidents
   * Time Change bug threw ESNet Call Off -- Fixed by Rob Wednesday 10/22 scheduled 47 weeks from 10/27.
   * DNS changes to remove wombat.grid.iu.edu and internal.grid.iu.edu Wombat (Nagios) and Munin apache configs weren&#39;t updated in preparation for this event.
      * We agreed that this is the type of issue that should be reserved for discussion at this meeting as part of the change management section. Also, we agreed that each unit should accept responsibility for their areas. So DNS changes should be Tom&#39;s responsibility as the administrator.
   * www.ivdgl.org
      * Someone bought the old domain.
---++ Weekly Successes

   * New GGUS ticket exchange went live last Thursday, Oct 23. No reported issues.
   * Rob finalized a submission for !TeraGrid. 2010 start with 2 1/2 positions for an ITB-like effort on our part. NSF approval needed. This looks to be a strong proposal in the grant.
   * Tom investigated postfix for sending root mail (alerts/warnings/monitoring) to him directly. But sendmail is the better option and works out of the box. He is forwarding root mail to his mailbox on Debois which then forwards to his personal email. This means you only have to change one file when he is on vacation or if he no longer is our admin.

---++Change Management

---+++Hardware

   * Notes on Backup Finalization
      * All production servers are being backed up. Munin also reports when the last backup occurred. And warning levels are set so Tom is emailed if threshold is exceeded, currently one week.
   * Backup Restoration Firedrills

---+++Software

   * Adding installation backup command to outgoing update notificatons
   * Next Monday Kyle plans to implement some code changes.

*No changes for the coming week.*

---+++External Maintenance

---++Team Project Updates (ties into Y3 projects)

   1. Arvind sent out the RSV project plan to Rob last week. The software and tools group had some very positive feedback on it this morning and Rob has shared this with Arvind and Soichi.
   1. Rob is working on service level agreements (SLA)s.
   1. Elizabeth is reworking some of the GRNOC documentation.
   1. Kyle has to work on revision control (history log of changes to docs) on the TWiki. Is it working? It didn&#39;t used to, but it should be now and Kyle needs to confirm whether it does or does not work.

---+++Current/Progress Updates

---+++This/Next Week

---++Other

---+++Upcoming Travel and Scheduled Time Off

   * Arvind off today, Oct 27
   * Elizabeth off Wednesday, Oct 29
   * Tom off Friday, Oct 31

---+++Executive Board Updates

---++One-on-One w/Rob


-- Main.RobQ - 22 Oct 2008

