---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2007Dec12][December 12]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Updates

John W.: All issues arising from the Release test have been addressed.  So we are good to go for a release install on Friday evening.

Brian B.: Yes I will stop my regular query during the release upload (Friday evening).

---++DB and Schema issues

Philippe: Could you Diana work on a in depth review of the Gratia Schema.

Diana: I will look more carefully at the SQL query but I need the queries that are complained about.

Brian: It would be useful for me to have the SQL query used by the reports.

Diana: Could we instrument the server so we can record and thus track down long queries?

Penelope: I could add code to the Birt library to do that.
Chris: I could add some code to the stored procedure to do that too.

Chris/Brian:  As long as we are using MyIsam the performance number will inherently be inconsistent.

---++Collector

---++Report development

Jeff: Make steady even though slow progress on gathering Fermi requirement.  

---++Probes

Chris: I fixed a bug in GlExec that lead to too many entries in the Summary Tables (each probe had a distinct name)

Philippe: I will purge the GLexec record from the summary until we have report that make use of it (and the fixed probe has been propagated).

Chris: We are almost there on the DCache probes.

Brian: Neha mentioned that she was concerned that the python location was hard coded.

Chris: This is an issue with SLC3.

Brian: Could we drop support for SLC3?

Chris: Well the test system at Fermi is SLC3.

Brian: Another issues is SLC4 and SLC5.

Chris: PBS/LSF parsing issue is fixed

Chris: We have a 98%ish solution for the recovering the DN and FQAN from Gram without using Gram Auditing

John: I will eventually work on a solution (using PIP) to recover the last 2%ish in Gram4.

Chris: Both solution need to work together and the PIP solution is not fully designed.

---++Test Bed

---++OSG Issues.

Brian: OSG Requirement report is about ready (matter of days)

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:


