---+!! OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting, October 1-3, 2013

%TOC%

---++ Logistics

---+++ Date, Time, Connnecting Information
   * Discussions with potential commercial partners: Tuesday, October 1st  from 1pm - 5.30 pm, Wednesday, October 2 from 8.30am - Noon
   * Phone: 866 740 1260 access code 8403921#
   *  Slidesharing/chat: http://www.readytalk.com/ access code 8403921

   * Council Meeting: Wednesday, October 2 from 1pm - 6pm,  Thursday October 3rd from 8.30am - Noon
   * Teleconference phone number: 1-866-740-1260, Access code: 2913843  (use Access code: 8403921 for Industry Partners calls)
   * Adobe Connect: http://osg.adobeconnect.com/council-10-2013/

---+++ Location
   * The University of Chicago Computation Institute (CI)
      * Searle Chemistry Laboratory
      * 5735 S. Ellis Ave, Chicago, IL 60637
      * Room 240A (take elevator to the second floor) 
      * Parking: There is a visitor parking garage at 55th and Ellis Ave, two blocks north of the Searle building. More info on parking is at http://maps.uchicago.edu/directions/parking/ (the meeting location is in &quot;The Quadrangles&quot;).
      * Bus routes from Downtown to campus, http://visit.uchicago.edu/page/maps-transportation#transit 

---+++ Accommodation suggestions
   *  A downtown hotel, from which you can travel by train, bus, or taxi to the University, e.g.: 
      * &lt;i&gt; Hilton Chicago&lt;/i&gt; 720 S. Michigan Ave,  (312) 922-4400 or 1-800-HILTONS      
      * &lt;i&gt;Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites by Marriott&lt;/i&gt; 216 E. Ontario St., (312) 787-3777 or 1-800-228-2800 
      * &lt;i&gt;Hotel !InterContinental Chicago&lt;/i&gt; 505 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, IL 60611, (312) 944-4100 or 1-800-628-2112 
      * More information is here, http://visit.uchicago.edu/accommodations.shtml
  

---++ Call to order
   *  Attendance: Lothar Bauerdick Executive Director, Chander Sehgal Project Manager, Gabriele Garzoglio Project Management, Rob Quick Operations, Rob Gardner Campus Infrastructure,  Ruth Pordes  OSG Council Chair , Brookhaven National Laboratory  Michael Ernst  , ESNET   Greg Bell , Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory   Rob Roser,  Indiana University  Bill Barnett,  ,   SLAC  Amber Boehnlein, STAR  Jerome Lauret  , University of Nebraska - Holland Computing Center  David Swanson,    University of Notre Dame  Jarek Nabrzysk, US ATLAS  Jim Shank, Tevatron Experiments  Brad Abbott,  University of California San Diego  Michael Norman
   * Remote Attendance:    Brian Bockelman Technology and Software, US CMS  Ken Bloom,  University of Florida  Paul Avery , SBGRID/Harvard Medical School  Piotr Sliz , NEES  Tom Hacker, SLAC alternate Steffen Luitz
   * Regrets-notification given: Horst Severini, Miron Livny
   * Regrets: 

---++ Special Council Session with Commercial Partners

The motivation for the discussions is follow up from the report early this year on [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Council/March-14-2013/OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.pdf][OSG Strategy on Relationships with Industry]]. The format of each discussion will be:

   * OSG motivators and models - 10mins - [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/October-2-2013/Council_Chair_to_Industry_Partners.pdf][slides]]
   * Industry presentation  - What you do and why you do it - 40mins
   * Discussion and 1-2 action items – 30 mins 


---+++ Industry Relationships - October 1st: 1pm - 5pm 
   * 1.00pm.....Overview and introduction
   * 1.10pm- 5.30pm .... 90 minute discussions with each potential commerical partners
      * 1:10pm - 2.40pm...Cycle Computing
      * 2:45 pm - 4:15 pm...Tech-X [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/October-2-2013/Tech-XOSG20131001.pdf][Slides]]
      * 4:15 pm - 5:40pm...NVIDIA 

  
---+++ Industry Relationships - October 2nd: 8:30am - 1:00pm
   * 8:00 am - Coffee and light breakfast snack
   * 10:00am-11.30am ...90 minute discussions with each potential commerical partner
      * 10:00am - 11:30am....DigiCert
      * Postponed: RackSpace  and  Redhat 
   * 12:00 pm - Sandwiches/Salad catered


---++ Council Face-to-Face, October 2nd: 1.30pm - 6pm

---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
   * [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/June-13-2013][June Teleconference]]

---+++ Officers Reports:
   * 1.30 pm .....Council Chair Report -  Ruth Pordes -    [[%ATTACHURL%/Council_Chair_Report.pdf][Council_Chair_Report.pdf]]: 
      *  Includes: current Council status and summary of progress on [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][action items]]
      * Summary of discussions with Industry partners - 

Comments:
People need to pick this up and champion and form a possible project. Not something the ET and Project would institutionalize. Variety of responses from the companies. Need to have those who want to engage.Needs the Consortium itself to drive and invest in. The Project is not taking this as an action.
Project does not have necessary skills for carrying on a project with an outside company. as part of the resource provisioning activity will consider needs for access to GPU based resources.

 
   * 2.15 pm.....Executive Director  Report  - Lothar Bauerdick -  [[%ATTACHURL%/2013-10-OSG_Council_Mtg.pdf][2013-10-OSG_Council_Mtg.pdf]]
      * OSG project accomplishments in FY13, goals and plans for Fy14
      * CIC needs from the Council/Consortium
      * OSG Trash/Trash/Blueprint and Principles evolution
      * Postponement of OSG Interview Review, Expected Schedule for Agency review
      * AOB

---+++ Action Item Reports
   * 3:00 pm: Support for using the !BioInformatics portal Galaxy applications on OSG – Notre Dame Council member Jarek Nabrzyski [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/October-2-2013/VectorBase-Galaxy.ppt][VectorBase-Galaxy.ppt]], Indiana University Council member Bill Barnett [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/October-2-2013/BLAST_on_OSG.ppt][BLAST_on_OSG.ppt]]
   * 4.00 pm:  Meet and greet with [[http://rcc.uchicago.edu][University of Chicago Research Computing Center]]  - Nicholas Labello, Scientific Computing Consultant
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/osgc4.pptx][osgc4.pptx]], [[%ATTACHURL%/osgc4.pdf][osgc4.pdf]]

   * 5.00 pm: dV/DT Satellite report - Doug Thain, University of Notre Dame (remote) -  [[%ATTACHURL%/dvdt-osg-oct-2013.pptx][dvdt-osg-oct-2013.pptx]]


----+++ Action items generated

   * Slides on !AutoPyFactory - follow up from ET meeting last week.  [[%ATTACHURL%/apf-summary-2013.ppt][apf-summary-2013.ppt]]
   * 108. Follow up with potential Industry Partners action items. This is a Council action item and not something the Project can take on. See Council Chairs presentation at the Council meeting. In particular for NVIDIA will help to have a stakeholder engaged (ICeCube?? enmr?) Ruth will work with Jerome on attendance at the DOE SBIR meeting. She will also follow up with DOE Program managers.  
   * 106. Chander, Brian, RobQ, Bill, Jarek to provide an interim report on impact of, issues associated with, and proposed CPU cycles for an initial allocation for Blast applications running from the Galaxy portal at the next Council meeting in January
   * 109. Council asked to consider &quot;rules of engagement&quot; of new entrants as resources become more constrained. 


---++ Council Dinner, October 2nd, 6:30 pm
   * 6:30 pm....  The (self-pay) Council Dinner will be at Piccolo Mondo in Hyde Park, http://www.piccolomondo.us/.  Directions, http://goo.gl/maps/YBijN


---++ Council Face-to-Face, October 3rd: 8.30 am - Noon
   * 8:00 am - Coffee and light breakfast snack

---+++ Council Reports:
   * 8.30 am......[[%ATTACHURL%/Welch-XSIM-OSG-OSG-Council-Oct-2013.pdf][XSIM Satellite report]] – Von Welch, Indiana University
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/NSF_Summit_Outcomes.pdf][NSF_Summit_Outcomes.pdf]]: High-level announcements from 2013 NSF Cybersecurity Summit for CI and Large Facilities
   * 8:45 am .....OSG as an XD Service Provider - Chander Sehgal, OSG User Support Area coordinator
      * Includes: New accounting capabilities that report scientific domain and project pi, Users from XD, XSEDE allocations
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_as_XD_SP_3oct2013.pdf][Update on OSG as an XD Service Provider]] - Chander
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_FOS_Accounting_3oct2013.pdf][OSG Field-of-Science Accounting Overview]] - Tanya Levshina
Comments: Number of researchers whose lives we are touching – aim is 30-40 through XD and 30-40 through the OSG directly. Total value ~$1M /year opportunistic. Same number through OSG and XSEDE doors currently: 15-20 range. Aim is to grow both.  How comfortable would we be at this point having any new user who wants to use a sizable number of cycles? We are profiting from the XRAC process for vetting of users.  $1M to the XSEDE/XRAC process is an easy sell. But for other researchers there will be a question on how these are vetted and their priority. Preliminary story: OSG VO is a Carrier VO for different projects.Vetting takes place in different places. Project welcomes comments on what information to add to the FOS accounting. This will be an active area of work in the coming months. Include the name of the program manager. Need to develop the Currency. Use it as part of the annual report.  What is the value/return on investment to science of the projects?&quot;. Should a  grant #  be asked for when a &quot;project&quot; or an activity runs through User Support or Campus-Grids

   * 9:15 am ....Sustainability for OSG - next steps following sub-committee report - MC is US ATLAS Council member Jim Shank - [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/October-2-2013/osg_council_shank_oct2013.pdf][Slides]]
      * [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Council/March-14-2013/OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf][Interim report]]

Comments: discussion of mis-communications and feedback on the report. Agree to revisit and revise to get clearer message that: 
Distinction – between people who are already joined OSG by contributing significant value in terms of Resources. And Users who have not contributed assets to the pool. Tease this apart.  Goal is to know how to do well to a marketplace outside of the existing set of stakeholders.
Conversations take a long time to converge and the discussion should go in parallel and the sub-committee would be reinforced with other people with different opinions. More broad thinking is required.  Extending vs changing the business model. Extend to new services rather than changing the business model. Perhaps involve campus business schools. Study and table the LHC-price tag approach
and, rather than paying per service (which I think is not a good idea
myself), ask to pay in-kind or in-real ($, people, activities or
hardware as experiments like ALICE does with their people). 
OSG does not have a  financial structure or
legal authority to accept/manage/spend money from others.

Indeed Maybe this is not about Sustainability but about Extending the Business Model. 

General consensus was that we need to continue to think / brainstorm
on this as it will take time to converge.

   * 9:45 am .....Complete the ED slides on Clouds and resource provisioning (Slides 19-23 of the posted presentation).
   * 10:00 am.... Dynamic provisioning across existing OSG resources, newly accessible HPC resources, and public/scientific and commercial Clouds - stakeholder vision, discussion, planning - U Nebraska Council member David Swanson, Fermilab Council member Rob Roser MCs -  [[%ATTACHURL%/provisioning.pdf][provisioning.pdf]]
   * 10:45 am.....Increased collaboration between ESNET and OSG - update from discussions following up from the action item in March - ESNET Council member Greg Bell

Comments:  Useful conversation in a phone meeting a month or so ago. Propose increased collaboration through both the Science Trash/Engagement and the Performance Monitoring teams. 

Science Engagement:      Devoted to making the networks useful. Make Geography irrelavent in scientific processing/collaboration.  Protoype with ALS beam line scientists and make sure before the users come that the data flows will work properly. Designing onboarding for beam line users.       Popular with DOE and want to grow the team – IU, universities – coordinating science engagement activities.        Work together with OSG on this. Some potential interfaces. Building documentation, FAQs, knowledge bases, partnerships with GO, train each others user communities, integrate materials, webinars together. Rob G suggests 
CIC Webinars. Chander – makes sense to do it. What is a productive way. Most of the smaller communities think of the network as GridFTP or GO.
Greg – participate in a call or conversation about how this structure would look like. 
Rob G – could become an activity as part of OSG Connect who engage with end users.
Access to cycle; software access and efforts to make this easier. Data – users come with data – data access, staged data, over the network. Lots of associated questions that come with this. Study issues of wide area data access for large VOs; nothing for smaller communities. Data management and access in the workflow environment.
Mid to large established projects.

Performance Monitoring:  and performance monitoring s/w. Perfsonar project. Critical s/w. 900 deployments. Shawn important force in the perfsonar s/w discussion. 1 FTE from each of ESNET and I2. Partner with the stakeholders and communities for a requirements gathering effort paralleling ESNETs. Perhaps 4 people developing perfsonar. How would OSG like to be involved: e.g.Packaging. Dashboards – more formal and deeper collaboration.
	


   * 11:15 am... Experiences in running a data intensive resource: Points of discussion and issues encountered to inform the OSG Consortiums thinking and work  - SDSC/UCSD Council member  Mike Norman

Comments: 
Data intensive projects are very labor intensive to support. Computing – source code goes in. Data intensive – what goes in is data and what comes out is more data.  More complicated workflows – more complicated than single app on one or more cores. User support intensive. Hard to satisfy data intensive science serving single users but satisfy communities or Gateway Communities. Well defined usage patterns within a scope or envelope.
Data is like Real Estate. XSEDE has found they need to allocate data. Includes memory intensive – would like a big memory queue. Not enough resources today. Cypress gateway Community – outsourcing the hand-holding. Just provide the h/w and s/w platform. Comet will have Virtualization – first one in XSEDE. Both Comet and Gordon would be accessible to the OSG properly through.  2 kinds of OSG jobs coming in: Opportunistic with directors discretionary cycles, if there is a large VO which wants a large amount they would write an XSEDE allocation request. 
Are there unused cycles /crumbs now? – can these be harvested on Gordon. Can these be used now. 100 Gig by the end of 2014. 

   * 11:30 am ... AHM Planning - SLAC Council member Amber Boehnlein

Comments: April 7-11th for the All Hands Meeting. 150 people in the Kavli Auditorium and Satellite rooms. Concern on hotel rooms. Reserve now – hold 45 rooms/reserve. Do some early registration.  Will start beginning the program and get groups on topics and what to cover. Will talk to Rob Quick soon. Check with Alan Sill. Reserve the dates. Send email to OSG@opensciencegrid.org Happy with the format at Indiana. Will have a CIC meeting and which day for the WLCG. Strawman. Invite suggestions.


   * 11:45 am ... Wrap up/summary - Ruth

---+++ Submitted Written Reports from people unable to attend
   * US CMS, - Ken - Global glideinwms deployment is going well in that the vast bulk of jobs are now going through that way.
   * AAA Satellite - Ken - The great bulk of CMS T2 sites are now in the data federation, so that &gt; 90% of datasets are available that way.  We&#39;ve shown that the redirector can redirect at 10 Hz  which is OK for steady state operations (maybe not so good if a zillion jobs start at once).  We&#39;re now starting to look at the limitations of actually trying to move some data around from multiple sites. 
   * Glue-X - Richard Jones - Next data challenge - like the one at the end of 2012 -  will take place later on this Fall. 
   * Alice/NERSC - Jeff Porter -  I  note the good work of OSG staff - particularly John Weigand - for quickly resolving an issue we had with accounting records sent to WLCG from our NERSC site.   There were actually two problems, one local and one in MyOSG, in need of attention which caused us to initially report 0 cputime delivered for the month of August and part of September.  The sources of the problems were found and the records in gratia and WLCG were corrected.   The whole episode was resolved very efficiently.  I&#39;ll note it in my next quarterly report to DOE/NP. The only other small items from ALICE that may be of interest: 
      * ALICE moving away from aliTorrent to cvmfs for software deployment.  Goal is by end of this CY. It&#39;s installed on PDSF and will be on LLNL/LC.  
      * ALICE-US is starting to participate with the Big PanDA effort via one of our collaborators with OLCF from ORNL/U.Tenn and myself.  No real commitment yet beyond what the two of us can offer, but ALICE team has expressed some interest. 
      * Finally, I see Richard will be running a new data challenge.  We&#39;ll make sure our LLNL site is available.
   * Belle-II/PNNL - David Asner - 
      * PNNL has created a Grid Computing site for High Energy Physics.. PNNL has partnered with the Open Science Grid to provide this grid site Supports ILC and Belle VOs with excess cycles available to OSG. The PNNL grid site participated in the ILC MC production campaign for the Detailed Baseline Design. Focus in recent months has been on the Belle II data challenge and MC campaign
      * So far the Belle VO has a loosely associated group of US participants: PNNL (David Cowley) Virginia Tech (Leo Piilonen) Kennesaw State University (David Joffe) University of South Alabama (Romulus Godang)
      * PNNL/ILC Data Transfer Tests: Using original Storage Element (1 Gbit/sec connection). Site include RAL and CERN (European sites). Stable transfer rates at ~500Mbit/sec (reached ~750Mbit/sec) using DIRAC replication tools. Sufficient to transfer all but the RAW data until 2016 
      * PNNL/Dedicated Storage Element Transfer Tests: 10 Gbit/sec connection;Lustre mounted filesystem has fast ~1.8Gbit/sec sustained read/write speeds for a single thread/strip (PNNL Luster filesystem can handle ~150Gb/sec read/write speeds); Network testing using gridftp yields ~1.8Gbit/sec transfers rates; Network testing using FTS2 yields ~4.5Gbit/sec transfers rates
      * PNNL Grid Site H/w: 1 Gatekeeper node; Condor queue; Storage Element using Bestman2 with 1 Gbit/sec connection;26 dedicated compute nodes; System memory 64GB; AMD; Opteron Processor 6272, 2100 mhzl 2 CPUs/Node; 16 Cores/CPU; 832 cores are currently available; Dedicated DIRAC and AMGA server nodes: 32 cores and 64 GB RAM- Thank you Miyake-san and Hara-san; New Dedicated Storage Element node is deployed: 32 cores and 64 GB RAM; 10Gbit/sec connection
      * Use of site in last 12 months
  &lt;img src=&quot;https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/October-2-2013/PNNL.png&quot; alt=&quot;&quot; width=&#39;627&#39; height=&#39;536&#39; /&gt;  

----+++ Action items generated
   *  113. Request from BNL for OSG to help VOs make allocation requests to XSEDE. Council Chair to discuss with ET.
   * 112. Expect interim report from Trash/Trash/Blueprint and planning process for REsource Provisioning at Jan Council meeting, Jerome and Von will be part of the team. as contributors from the Consortium
   * 111. Council Chair to organize revision of the Sustainability of OSG document to reflect feedback, input, concerns. Perhaps reanem to Maybe this is not Sustainability but Extending the Business Model. Talk about &quot;Condo and Hotel models&quot;
   * 110. Follow up to include offer of XSIM/Von help support in process for new VOs and RPs. Council Chair to work on this with ET. 
   * 107. ESNET Action items, Greg to write letter of proposed collaboration items to the ET. Council Chair requests project leadership - User Support, Campus - meet with the Science Trash/Engagement Team and report back at January Council meeting. 

---++ Announcements
   * Date of next meeting: Quarterly meeting Will be decided by Doodle Poll. Council Chair will have open office/mike once a month time TBD by Doodle Poll.

---++ Unfinished business
   * 11.30 am....Action items, plans, wrap up
 
---++ Adjournment
   * 12 pm

%BR%
-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 31 Jul 2013

