%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda &amp; Minutes December 13, 2005

   * Tuesdays 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Stan, Tim, Rob Q., Burt, Leigh, Doug, Craig

---++Previous Meeting notes

Operations.MinutesDecember6

Email registration acknowlegements being put in place right now.  Have added a checkbox in the DB about when registration is accepted. (spam check &amp; VO check).

VO reg SOP - IEB &amp; Ops can/should happen in parallel but not indicated as such on the SOP. Doug will look at flowchart.



---++Operations Activity Issues

Ops plan document - Leigh will have something by end of week.

VO privilege page, and site/resource policy page. We have examples of privilege page and
have asked the PPT group to make example of resource policy page. Feedback question of timeframe. Burt had a discussion about a template and will send meail about that.

RS registration SOP - verify info at review before acceptance, good to have info updated by support centers.

Might be good to publish metrics on support centers.  Rob/Leigh Will put something into the bi-weekly ops report to council.

---++Community Support Activity Issues

Meeting tomorrow.

---++ Other topics


-- Main.DougOlson - 13 Dec 2005
