<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> 20061207AgendaMinutes &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/20061207AgendaMinutes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit 20061207AgendaMinutes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/20061207AgendaMinutes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic">  OSG Executive Team Meeting December 7th 2006
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Agenda"> Agenda</a> <ul>
 <li>
 <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Pending_Action_Items">  Pending Action Items</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Usage_and_Users_Support_Not_this"> Usage and Users Support - Not this week.</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Resources_Management"> Resources Management</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Facility_Miron"> Facility  - Miron</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Security"> Security</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Troubleshooting"> Troubleshooting</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Software"> Software</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Integration"> Integration </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Operations"> Operations</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#EOT"> EOT</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Extensions"> Extensions</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Executive_Director">Executive Director </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#AOB">AOB</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h1><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </h1>
Attending: Leigh, Doug, Alain
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Pending_Action_Items"></a> Pending Action Items </h3>
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table cellspacing="0" id="table1" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="cols" border="1">
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> Item </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> Date due </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol"> Status </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> Complete Project Plan to Agencies </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> Dec 1 </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol"> Sent to Craig Tull at his request before sending to others </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> Ruth with call meeting of VO liaisons operating across OSG and EGEE to tell OSG what they need in terms of gLITE client tools in VDT. </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> US CMS - Ian Fisk - says only the FTS Client is needed; nothing else. Ruth needs to check back emails from Torre. </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol"> Done. - will be removed next week </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> Dec 6th </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> Miron, Leigh </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p />
Doug - please report on the TAGPMA/IGTF meeting. - The short term issue was "solved" with the new IGTF profile approved in a way that let's SAM service certificates continue in about the same procedure as has been used.   In the long run, there are clearly almost opposite points of view on the role of a grid CA between some of "us" and some of "them", and more work is going to be needed.
<p />
Site functional information for WLCG - feedback is that they agree on the model and have a technical person working with us. They are asking for a timeline to implement something they can use for OSG sites according to the "OSG collects, sends through an OSG-WLCG pipe to the test repository". We need a plan.
<p />
high level milestones in the next month:
<p /> <ul>
<li> Define Operational Metrics for Year 1	1/1/07
</li> <li> Release Security Plan	1/1/07
</li> <li> Release VDT for OSG 0.6.0	12/19/06
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Usage_and_Users_Support_Not_this"></a> Usage and Users Support - Not this week. </span></h2>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Resources_Management"></a> Resources Management </span></h2> <ul>
<li> 3 signed by PI (Renci, Caltech, Iowa) , 6 In final review with ML: ( Indiana, Boston, Chicago, Fermilab, UCSD, Cornell),  6 need review, revising, or 1 (ISI) is in preparation. <a href="http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/" target="_top">SOWs</a> 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Effort reports.
</li></ul> 
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/OSGReports/OSGIndividualEffortReports" target="_top">Effort Reports</a>. What is the process for encouraging them by the end of December?
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Facility_Miron"></a> Facility  - Miron </span></h2>
<p />
Miron will not be at the meeting. Can Alain and Rob please let the rest of the ETP know of any issues and needs for the OSG 0.6.0 release. 
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Security"></a> Security </h3>
<p />
Security plan - what is the status?
<p />
The FermiGrid proposal to deprecate grid-proxies without VOMS attributes. Is this really something sustainable in an open grid environment? 
<p />
<h3><a name="Troubleshooting"></a> Troubleshooting </h3>
Any issues from the Troubleshooting meeting - Alain? 
<p />
<h3><a name="Software"></a> Software </h3>
<p />
See status of detailed VDT plans at <a href="http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/office-hours/2006-12-07.html" target="_top">http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/office-hours/2006-12-07.html</a>.
<p />
<h3><a name="Integration"></a> Integration </h3>
How are we going to integrate and provision the OSG 0.6.0 release? What are the needs? go through the twiki page of the plan and attach or ? names? 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Operations"></a> Operations </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Review  <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SiteVOSupport" target="_top">SiteVOSupport</a> new doc
</li> <li> Review <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/BiWeekly12042006" target="_top">Biweekly Operations Report</a>     Updates? Comments?
</li> <li> Updates regarding Windward VO 
</li> <li> WLCG Collaboration agenda, attendees [ <font color="#ff0000"> Is something needed for Ops here? </font> ]
</li> <li> XML OSG Resources from Gidon Moont [ <font color="#ff0000"> May be time critical but need input from OSG </font> ]
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="EOT"></a> EOT </span></h2>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Extensions"></a> Extensions </span></h2>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Executive_Director"></a> Executive Director </span></h2>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </span></h2>
Any followup from the OSG VO meeting?
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> - 07 Dec 2006</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>20061207AgendaMinutes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r11 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:49 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />