---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Thursday, May 6, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | Noon Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees
Jim Weichel, Rob Quick, Igor Sfiligoi, Kent Blackburn, Abhishek Rana, David Ritchie, Alain Roy, Tanya Levshina, Chander Sehgal, Jeff Boote, Peter Doherty, Rob Gardner

---++ Agenda

   * 1.1 Software – Alain Roy &amp; Tanya Levshina _(confirmed)_

   * 1.2 Operations – Rob Quick _(confirmed)_

   * 1.3 Integration &amp; Sites – Rob Gardner, IntegrationMay2010

   * 1.8 Training &amp; Content Management - Jim Weichel _(confirmed)_

---++ 1.1 Software

We last reported at the [[20100225AgendaMinutes][February 25th meeting]] and the [[2010028AgendaMinutes][January 28th meeting]].

---+++ VDT personnel
Doug Strain joined the Fermilab-VDT team. He&#39;s coming up to speed on various storage technologies as well as the methodologies used by the UW-VDT team. We hope to use him to improve collaboration between the two teams. He spent a day at the UW-Madison getting to know us and learned many technical details of how we work. 

---+++ Software Updates
Since the February 25th report, we&#39;ve released three updates to the OSG 1.2 software stack. ([[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p14.html][2.0.7]], [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p15.html][2.0.8]], [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p16.html][2.0.9]]). Of particular note was the addition of the gLite FTS client tools (requested by both CMS and ATLAS). In a separately versioned release, we have also released a new RPM/yum-based repository for installing Bestman and Hadoop. This was initially developed by CMS (Michael Thomas) and integrated into the VDT by Michael and Abhishek Rana.

---+++ Native Packaging
The native packages for LIGO have gone through many small evolutionary changes, and have now been declared as production-quality. They are beginning to be disseminated across LIGO.

The UW-VDT team has continued it&#39;s native packaging. We&#39;ve released a first draft of native packaging for glexec. It&#39;s only a first draft, and many interesting challenges remain, several of which we are currently tackling. 

Discussions about how to improve configuration of the VDT, particularly in light of native packaging, have been underway and will be discussed in more detail at next week&#39;s blueprint meeting at Brookhaven. 

---+++ NEES work 
Tanya Levshina (Fermilab) and Alan De Smet (UW-Madison) have finished an initial version of the software for archiving the NEES data at Fermilab. Of note, we successfully archived all of their data (as of the end of March) at Fermilab. Discussions are now underway to decide the next steps. These will likely include better reliability, incremental backups, an improved interface for recovering files, generalization for wider use, and more. 

---+++ CREAM and GRAM 5
Discussions have been ongoing about what we should do with CREAM and GRAM 5. Nothing has yet been settled, but we hope to have a plan soon. 

---+++ dCache
We are currently testing a new version of dCache with Chimera, which will go to the ITB soon. 

---+++ Bestman/Xrootd/ATLAS Tier 3s
We have been working hard at improving our Bestman/Xrootd packages, particularly for the benefit of the ATLAS Tier 3s. There have been several software upgrades and configuration improvements. We have been talking extensively with the Xrootd developers and representatives from ATLAS to determine how to improve our packaging for the Tier 3s. We expect to have a new release go through testing shortly and be available to the. 

---+++ RSV probes
We have taken ownership of the RSV storage probes and are improving them. 

---+++ Gratia probes
We are improving the Gratia dCache probe. It&#39;s being rewritten to do better summarization of the file transfers. This will significantly decrease the load on the Gratia collector, and therefore be able to scale much better. (Scale in the sense of the being able to record more accounting records.)

---+++ Other storage 
   * Working with I. Sfiligoi and H. Pi to test scalability and  reliability of storage. (CMS request)
   * Evaluating IRODS as a potential  solution for OSG data management and opportunistic storage 
   * Improving and re-writing  general and release documentation for storage

---+++ Improve communication
We have started announcing software changes more clearly through our [[SoftwareTeam/SEPIndex][Software Evolution Proposals]].

---+++ Dropped platforms
We&#39;ve dropped support for several platforms, particularly Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3. [[/SoftwareTeam/SEP3][Details]]

---++ 1.2 Operations

---+++ Progress Since Last Report

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][SLAs]]
      * New Drafts (OIM, OSG Display, !TWiki)
      * Reorganization of Normal Level Priority SLAs
   * Ticketing 
      * From Last Report &quot;Ticket Exchange - Breaks in GGUS, BNL, and FNAL.&quot;
      * New web services interface in place to GGUS and BNL and functioning very well.
      * FNAL still using mail exchange and still behaving poorly. 
   * WLCG Services Monitored - [[http://tinyurl.com/3992pfh][ITB View]]
      * In ITB to be released on Tuesday, May 11th
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ChangeMgmt][*Draft* Change Management Plan]] - Loosely based on ITIL concepts. 
   * Training New Support Member - Start Date February 15th, fully up to speed
   * Debian Packaging in place (LIGO Request)
   * Ticket Report

     &lt;img src=&quot;%ATTACHURLPATH%/Picture_2.png&quot; alt=&quot;Picture_2.png&quot; width=&#39;500&#39; height=&#39;300&#39; /&gt;    
---+ Current Work Items 

   * Focus on Stable Core Service and Responsive Support
   * Daily WLCG Meetings
   * Recent CEMon Collector/Client Issues Under Investigation

---+ Issues Concerns

   * Arvind Gopu will be leaving Operations to work on the ODI Project this summer.
   * No SLA for CERN BDII. 

---++ 1.8 Training &amp; Content Management
   * [[20100506TrainingContentManagementReport][1.8 Report]]

