---+Operations Meeting December 19, 2005
Attendees: Tim, Kyle, Rob Q., Horst, Doug O., Burt, Neha, Shaowen

No Operations Meetings for the next two weeks due to the holidays.  Our next meeting will be January 9, 2006.
---++Previous Meeting Notes
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesDecember12

---++Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall

---+++Community Support Center
Burt - People are working on their Knowledge Base documents.
What are people&#39;s sites transition plans for the OSG 0.4.0 release?  Tuesday or Wednesday of next week?
---+++DOSAR
Horst - no issues.  Plan to move to 0.4.0 is tentatively set for sometime after the new year.
---+++DZero
No one attending.
---+++Fermilab
No one attending.
---+++Florida GOC
No one attending.
---+++GADU
No one attending.
---+++GRASE
No one attending.
---+++GROW
Shaowen - Once 0.4.0 is ready they will have a production cluster set up shortly thereafter.
---+++LIGO
No one attending.
---+++Prod_SLAC
No one attending.
---+++SDSS/DES
Neha - No operational issues.  No scheduled plans for moving to 0.4.0 at this time.
---+++STAR
Doug - Will hopefully be upgrading to 0.4.0 shortly after it is released, tentatively sometime possibly in January.
---+++UChicago CI
No one attending.
---+++USATLAS
No one attending.
---+++USCMS
Burt - No operational issues.
---+++VDT
No one attending.
---++Current OSG Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

   * Jan. 2-3 all OSG services hosted at IU will be unavailable due to the schedule power outage to the IU machine room.  Rob will be sending out notices.  This will also be a topic for tomorrow&#39;s Documentation Meeting.  Burt mentioned that it would be good to have redundancy in place in cases such as this, which is something to be discussed for future consideration.

   * 331 - Burt will followup.
   * 412 - Shaowen said that the 1.3.9 VDT release (which comes with 0.4.0) should resolve this issue.
   * 519 - We need to send a reminder to Aron.
   * 520 - CCR-Help has a ticket open and Rob will contact Mark for followup.
   * 542 - Nothing new. See ticket.
   * 580 - Alain is going to get to this when he gets a chance.
   * 599 - The new VO package could help this, but it is still being worked through.
   * 616 - For ticket exchange testing.
   * 618 - Kyle will discuss this in the Documentation Meeting tomorrow. It was on last week&#39;s agenda, but there weren&#39;t enough people in attendance to foster discussion.
   * 642 - Bandicoot RS at IU.
   * 419 - Burt said that John has a lot of other pririties right now, but Rob is also hoping to get to this after the holidays.
   * 550 - Facilities maintenance. Burt will review the ticket to see when this will be completed, it could be next week. He will followup and update the ticket.
   * 555 - Rob will followup with Luiz and Neha after the meeting.
   * 557 - Should be fixed Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA that&#39;s in VDT 1.3.9. We&#39;ll verify and update/close the ticket.
   * 569 - We will need to email Bockjoo for an update.
   * 577 - Nothing new. See ticket.
   * 582 - Nothing new. See ticket.
   * 593 - Nothing new. See ticket.
   * 606 - Nothing new. See ticket.
   * 626 - Email sent to Yosif.
   * 635 - New RS registration at Texas, Lonstar.
   * 637 - New RS registration for ASIP. 
---++Other Issues
Ticket exchange issue was brought up by Doug and Rob is taking a lead on this so he will do some followup and send out an update.
---+++Geant4
---+++New Registations
   * RS - IU Bandicoot
      * Rob called for this to be added to GridCat and there were no objections.
   * RS - osg-login.lonestar (TACC)
      * This is not a registered Support Center, so we will not add this until they have one.
   * RS - ASIP_OSG
      * It is an ITB registration, so we will have them send mail to say they are joining.
   * SC - DZero
      * DZero did register as a new Support Center last week. Discussion should be conducted tomorrow at the SC&#39;s meeting to verify information is complete and to make this official.




-- Main.RobQ - 19 Dec 2005
