---+ Software Team Meeting, 2011-05-01

---++ Attending

   * Dost, Jeff
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Matyas
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Sim, Alex
   * Strain, Doug

---++ Apologies

   * Cartwright, Tim

---++ Updates

Alain: We&#39;ve renamed pass-through packaging to community packaging. Miron has provided some feedback, specifically concerns about the readiness of the software in the VDT to live in an environment where where there is more variance in underlying software such as Tomcat and MySQL. We will be working on that. 

Mat: For the next VDT release, Globus patches are in and lightly tested. GUMS builds but doesn&#39;t install, working on it.

Scot: Finishing up VDT cleanup scripts requested by CMS for the next release. Need to tweak some things before they are totally ready. Scot asked Tanya and Alex about the readiness of the new version of Bestman 2. Tanya says stress test is good, but there are problems with new SRM client. It does not appear to be a regression, so maybe we can release. Alex cannot reproduce problem. Will give answer on whether or not we should release by the end of the week. Scot says that the release (with or without the Bestman 2 update) will go to the VTB this week, then ITB right after. Scot asked Doug if he could look at a storage RSV support question. 

Neha: Most of time went to make RPMs for dCache Gratia probes and ran into problems until Philipppe helped. Now they are built and ready for Tanya&#39;s testing. This is part of the earlier work that eliminate dependencies in Gratia that we don&#39;t want anymore. 

Doug: Working on Xrootd DSI packaging. Looks like it&#39;s working now, but may need to do some clean up the RPM, make sure the 32-bit version works, and make sure it&#39;s being built correctly. Did a bit of Hadoop testing. !GlideinWMS has been keeping him busy.

Tanya: Divided time between Bestman testing, xrootd testing/packaging/requirement negotiation. Doug Benjamin appears to want a bit more done in the Xrootd packaging. Talked about Bestman above. Testing Globus Online to see if it&#39;s useful for LIGO and others. Will present Globus Online at VO Forum on Thursday. 

Jeff: Lots of progress in the last two weeks. All bugs discussed earlier have been fixed. There was an underlying problem of using the wrong configuration files, and it&#39;s looking better. We&#39;re doing ITB testing now, Suchandra is helping. Also working on !GlideinWMS presentation for Condor Week. Won&#39;t be at storage subgroup meeting on Wednesday. 

Alex: Has been busy with ATLAS requests. Might have new release for ATLAS by the end of the month. 
