
-- Main.DanFraser - 26 Jan 2010
---++ Attendees: 
   * Tanya, Jim, Marco, Rob S., Rik, Dan
---++ Significant/Action Items:
   * Next T3 liason meeting will be in 3 weeks due to extensive travel schedules.
   * OSU was onsite at ANL working with the Atlas team testing VM scalability in a cluster. (Doug, Rik)
   * Still uncertainty as to exactly when T3s will start purchasing hardware. 
   * Atlas planning to put together a proposal on what to recommend that the T3s purchase.
   * CMS jobs (including PHEDEX) working on a CE connected to an OSG SE. Exploring bottlenecks in performance. (Rob, Tanya)
   * Several bugs in xrootd including a problem with namespace, and loss of data files after reboot were discovered and reported. Investigation and discussion with xrootd team is ongoing. (Tanya)
   * The security section in the T3 doc was updated and ready for a second round of comments by the T3 liasons.(Jim)
   * T3 docs ready for a more extensive review. Several suggestions are being incorporated (Marco, Dan)

---++ Meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group
