---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  &lt;nop&gt;%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Tuesday October 13, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 11:00 am Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 3123 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.BrianBockelman, Main.RobertEngel, Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.IwonaSakrejda, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel
---++ Agenda
---++++1. Review/Discussion of  Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone
Review updated document - Any areas that need improvement?  I would like to resolve/verify resolution of the following issues:
   1. Pacman directory variable: When do we create these variables?
   1. Checklist item 5.  Do we need to point to page describing authorization choices?  Current wording needs fixed.
   1. Is there a page describing how to set up a firewall and what ports to open.  What about Trash.ReleaseDocumentationBestmanGateway#Configuring_GridFTP ?
   1. Add separate page with expected command output?
   1. Set up CA Certificates: What should it reference (sent mail to Mine)?
   1. Note: absolute references to TWiki pages.  (e.g. http://twiki... )  should be just !TWikiWord

---++++2. Next Steps - Meeting Notes
   1. Iwona will update/finalize the gsiftp document as a result of the above discussion
   1. After the gsiftp package is put into production, Iwona will find someone to test the installation document by doing the install.
   1. Jim and Tanya will meet to develop a strawman for organization of the Storage documentation and then work with Brian, Iwona, and Alex Simm to review.
   1. Iwona will discuss the content of ReleaseDocumentation.HelpProcedure with the VTB group and update the document with the recommended procedure to get help.  (e.g. Review/Collect Log information -&gt; Come to the Campfire ...)
%BR%
%BR%

---++ Last Week&#39;s Agenda/Meeting Notes

---++++1. Review/Discussion of Trash.ReleaseDocumentationDocInstallTemplate
Any additional improvements before we send it for a wider review?
   1. The sections headings do not stand out enough - Actually all the heading level formats need to be improved to indicate the true hierarchy with level 2 heading more prominent than level 3, etc.
   1. The notes are too prominent - Yes, these should be less prominent and appropriately fit in with the headings.
   1. For longer documents, a back button should be put in each section for returning to the Table of Contents

---++++2. Review/Discussion of application of these for Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone
Review document - Any areas that need improvement?
   1. Split Service Startup and Validation into 2 sections as they are in the template
   1. Engineering - use the numerical info Brian has for determining how many ftp servers are required.

---++++3. Standard help procedure
   * Example: VDT has a script that packages up various log files that is needed for resolving problems
   * Standard process should be to open a trouble ticket with the GOC but most admins send out email to get a quicker response

---++++4. Next steps
   1. Robert/Jim to draft a document on owner responsibilities
   1. Robert/Jim to draft a process for planning, creating, reviewing, and evaluating documentation
   1. Meeting with Gardner and Trash/Trash/Integration team on above next week
   1. Iwona will get Tanya&#39;s comments into install document
   1. Anyone can put suggestions directly into gsiftp document or email change to Iwona
   1. Formatting of headings - Jim will talk to Kyle

-- Main.JamesWeichel - 06 Oct 2009
