<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> April-08-2008 &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/April-08-2008?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit April-08-2008" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/April-08-2008"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_Council_Monthly_Teleconferen"></a>  OSG Council Monthly Teleconference </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Date: April 8th, 2008
</li> <li> Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time
</li> <li> Attending: Michael Ernst (BNL), Rob Quick (EB-Operations), Brad Abbott (DZero), Ruth Pordes (OSG Director), Dick Greenwood (DOSAR), Craig Stewart (Indiana University), Kent Blackburn (OSG Council Chair)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda_Minutes"></a> Agenda/Minutes </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_from_the_OSG_Executive_Di"></a> Status from the OSG Executive Director </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> March metric to the JOT and Council will be sent out before the Council Meeting and will speak to this.
</li> <li> Bi-weekly report to the Council sent out before the meeting and will invite feedback.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h4><a name="Minutes"></a> <font color=blue>Minutes:</font> </h4>
<p />
<font color=blue>
Ruth's bi-weekly report was circulated to the OSG Council and OSG Executive Board email lists this morning. They are available at the <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Council/EDReport-04-08-08" target="_top">URL</a>, or from the OSG Council Website under the "Executive Director Reports" Section for April 8th, 2008.
<p /> <ul>
<li> Kent and Paul have asked that the Executive Director continue to send reports to the Council on a bi-weekly basis.
</li> <li> Engage VO has ramped up to roughly 30,000 CPU-HR/Day
</li> <li> Don't expect that the limit for Engage has been reached
</li> <li> Have held 4 first round quarterly meetings with major scientific stackholders 
</li> <li> March metrics report to the Joint Oversight Team (JOT) attached to email and at the URL above
</li></ul> 
<p />
Ruth pointed out that both ATLAS and CMS are raming up with their CCRC preparations for this May. The impact of this on Engage was not fully understood at this point. 
<p />
Michael Ernst added that this ramping up has already begun with data production as part of the preparation. ATLAS would very much like to use any resources available. ATLAS will be exercising the full analysis chain in June. Currently US ATLAS has the largest Tier 1 center, making up about 24% of the capacity. The analysis chain would involve every stage from CERN to through the Tier 1, out to the Tier 2s and onto the physicists desktops. ATLAS will know much more at about usage model by the end of June. One of the difficult issues expected to face is data replication.
</font>
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Formation_of_ad_hoc_subcommittee"></a> Formation of "ad-hoc" subcommittee on "At-Large VO Representation" </h3>
<p />
<strong>Purpose:</strong> Review the current VO membership of the OSG, compare this with the current representation of the OSG Council members and make a recommendation for a process to appoint the two open "At-Large" representatives. The time line should assure that "At-Large" representatives have been appointed and available for participation no later than by the time of our next face-to-face Council Meeting in approximately 6 months (~September 2008). An important element of this process should be to contact VOs without current representation in order to understand their views of and needs from the OSG Council.
<p />
<strong>Members:</strong> Bill Kramer, Shaowen Wang, Dick Greenwood, Tom Furlani (NYSGrid), Ruth Pordes (ex-officio), ...
<p />
<h4><a name="Minutes_AN1"></a> <font color=blue>Minutes:</font> </h4>
<p />
<font color=blue>
Agreed that this "ad-hoc" subcommittee had the appropriate size and composition to be able to move forward with organizing a kick-off meeting and to be able to work towards the goal of appointing two "At-Large" representatives by the time of the next Face-to-Face meeting in September. Subcommittee membership will include either Kent or Paul <strong>or</strong> both.
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong><em>Kent will send out an email</em></strong> to the members of the subcommittee suggesting a kick-off meeting in a few days for sometime in the next week to 10 days.
</li></ul> 
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Formation_of_ad_hoc_subcommi_AN1"></a> Formation of "ad-hoc subcommittee on "Re-Organization of OSG Council" </h3>
<p />
<strong>Purpose:</strong> Review and make recommendations regarding the organization of the OSG Council. The subcommittee will be charged with making recommendations for changes that are seen to be advantageous to the strategic planning of the Open Science Grid and should include a careful review of the relationship between the OSG Executive Team, The OSG Executive Board and the OSG Council. Additionally, the organizational classification of the OSG representatives could be improved to better capture our membership roles. The subcommittee will be asked to present their findings and make a recommendation at the next face-to-face OSG Council Meeting in approximately 6 months (~September 2008).
<p />
<strong>Members:</strong> Jerome Lauret, Ruth Pordes (ex-officio), ...
<p />
<h4><a name="Minutes_AN2"></a> <font color=blue>Minutes:</font> </h4>
<p />
<font color=blue>
Agreed that this "ad-hoc" subcommittee <strong>did not</strong> have sufficient membership to move forward even with either Kent or Paul <strong>or</strong> both on board given the importance of the subject matter.
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong><em>Kent will send out an email</em></strong> to the council requesting additional members this week.
</li></ul> 
</font>
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Council_Recommendation_for_the_c"></a> Council Recommendation for the continued support of <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> at the OSG GOC </h3>
<p />
Rob Quick of the OSG Grid Operations Center (GOC) has requested that the OSG Council make a decision whether or not to continue to run the <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> Service at the GOC.
<p />
The two most recent emails that have reached the Council co-Chairs on this subject are provided below. 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Council/MonaLISA-Email-RQ" class="twikiLink">Email</a> sent by Rob Quick to OSG Executive Board (and others) on March 13th, 2008 at 7:15AM Pacific Time
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Council/MonaLISA-Email-HN" class="twikiLink">Email</a> reply from Harvey Newman to same recepient list on March 13th, 2008 at 3:55PM Pacific Time
</li> <li> <a href="http://monalisa.grid.iu.edu:8080/show?page=index.html" target="_top">http://monalisa.grid.iu.edu:8080/show?page=index.html</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h4><a name="Minutes_AN3"></a> <font color=blue>Minutes:</font> </h4>
<p />
<font color=blue>
Rob Quick (OSG Executive Board - Operations/GOC) provided the link above to <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> above. Rob proceeded to describe what was provided by <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and what effort was involved, using the link above as a reference:
<p /> <ul>
<li> currently provides a very nice interface to data from roughly 25% of the OSG (12 sites reporting to it)
</li> <li> roughly half of these sites are full reporters and the other half are partial reporters
</li> <li> Rob pointed out that the active nodes and idle nodes presentation was quite nice for site administrators
</li></ul> 
<p />
Some of the issues that have been reported with <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> are:
<p /> <ul>
<li> the Java processes in <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> tend to be rather heavy weight, demanding lots of resources from the gatekeeper
</li> <li> users are unsure of the accuracy of the data being presented with some discrepancies being identified in the past
</li></ul> 
<p />
Rob reported the server at the GOC for <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> was not being supported at a high level so very little effort going into it at present. He estimated that to keep it up would take about 10% of a person, doing maintenance and answering user questions. It also needs hardware and response to issues for the service including security. Michael Ernst felt that this would go up substantially if this was a supported service with a user base to field questions and request from.
<p />
Rob asked if anyone new about the network resource allocation to be determined by <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> that Harvey mentioned in his email. Michael Ernst replied that they were using it for a very dedicated reason within their VO. 
<p />
Michael hesitates to make a call for OSG to focus on <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> give all the other activites that are of a higher priority. Ruth pointed out that CMS management has sent email of a similar stance and that Kent should review these.
<p />
Dick was asked to speak as a representative of a community (DOSAR) of proponent for <span class="twikiNewLink">MonaLISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonaLISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonaLISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>. Dick said that users within DOSAR have been doing Monte Carlos and the community grew up using <span class="twikiNewLink">MonaLISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonaLISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonaLISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> for doing this work. They find the presentation to be very nice. Rob agreed that it had nice presentation.
<p />
Kent asked if there were any other services provideing this information. Rob reported that the same information is being collected by CEMon with probes but that the presentation was simple text.
<p />
Kent stated that he had first heard about deprecating the <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> service at the All-Hands Meeting in San Diego a little over a year ago. He asked Rob what had been the time line since then. Rob provided the following:
<p /> <ul>
<li> With the OSG 0.6.0 release, <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> was no longer a default component 
</li> <li> On March 12th 2008 an email was sent out proposing to shutdown the server at the GOC on April 15th 2008
</li></ul> 
<p />
Kent stated that as he saw it we had three fundimental options:
<p /> <ol>
<li> Discontinue the <span class="twikiNewLink">MonaLISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonaLISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonaLISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> service at any level of support, shutting it down at the GOC
</li> <li> Continue to let it run as is without support other than the existing hardware and power
</li> <li> Make a commitment to fully support at the cost discussed today
</li></ol> 
<p />
The council responded to these with a preference towards item (2) above. It was pointed out that this would involve simply waiting for this box to die or have to be shutdown for other reasons such as security risks. 
<p />
The question was raised as to whether or not a VO with sufficient interest in establishing and maintaining this service could easily stand up the service themselves. Rob thought that this was a possibility. It was pointed out that any VO that wanted to do this would need to work closely with Rob and Mine Altunay (OSG Security Officer) to assure a smooth transition. The offer to VOs to stand-up a replacement <span class="twikiNewLink">MonaLISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonaLISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonaLISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> service should go out to the OSG Council mailing list. In conclusion, the council representatives on call agreed to the recommentation:
<p />
<font color=green> <strong><em>The <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> service/server at the GOC would continue to run until such time as the machine dies or must be turned off due to other external factors such as security risks, etc. The GOC would not replace or restore this service/server after such a failure. A VO is welcome to stand up a replacement <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> service using their own resources but must work with Rob Quick of the GOC and Mine Altunay of Security to assure a smooth, safe and reliable transition.</em></strong> </font>
<p />
* <strong><em>Kent will send out an email</em></strong> to the council regarding the recommendation for <span class="twikiNewLink">MonALISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonALISA?topicparent=Council.April-08-2008" rel="nofollow" title="MonALISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> from the Council
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </h3>
<p />
<h4><a name="Minutes_AN4"></a> <font color=blue>Minutes:</font> </h4>
<p />
<font color=blue>
Kent recognized that there were suggestions for reducing the frequency of Council meetings suggested in Chapel Hill, but he would like to assure a smooth transition from the previous Council Chair to the new Council co-Chairs by continueing for the time being with the monthly telecons on the same schedule, particularly with all the important activities that are currently in the works. The frequency can be revisited after the transition period has been successfully crossed. This was acceptable to all on the call.
</font>
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> - 31 Mar 2008</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>April-08-2008</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r14 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:36 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />