---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Aug20][August 20]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * Keith
   * Brian

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++v0.38 Release

Reports issues left:
   * color warning.
   * pdf reports are truncated.
both are BIRT issues.  Due to yet another priority reflushling those will not be addressed (unless a new Birt release solve them easily) until at October. (We are currently 2.3.1 nightly build as of Aug 20.)

Collector: going through the testing, should be ready for release just after Labor Day.  Have some hard time reproducing condor set ExitBySignal on one of its job.

---++OSG Issues

Brian: Impact report did not seem concern the power to be (at least no sense of urgency), in addition, no real time to think about.
Brian: Transfer probe is running at Nebraska and reporting to the ITB collector.  I have seen an occurrence of a rate of 50000 transfer an hour.
Brian: Proper indexing of the dcache billing database was discussed at the Storage Meeting, developer seem lacking database knowledge.

Gratia: Should we update the dcache probe to automatically create those indices?
Brian: Maybe, let me try with the dcache developer again.

Chris: The latest probe did not make it into the DCache release but we have remediation to deal with the old probe.

Brian: Should we upgrade the Gratia.py to throw an exception in the case of the bad date. 

Brian and Philippe: We ought to start of the storage report requirement document.

Brian: We will also need to eventually discuss storage.

---++Service.

Q: Who is responsible for the Production Database backup and restore.
If it is Diana she would need root access (at least for the restore).

VO and VOMRS are not synchronizing which is an issue for the Gratia Administration authentication.

---++Test Bed.

John: It is there and working but we do not have a comprehensive plan.

Philippe: John and Chris and FermiGrid need to come up with a plan of what&#39;s left to do.

---++Any Other Business.

---++To be discussed later:
