%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda January 10, 2006
   * 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Leigh, Doug, Tim, Lisa, Burt, Rob

---++Previous Meeting notes
Operations.MinutesJanuary306

Leigh will put OSG 0.4 ops stuff on a twiki page and defer (delete?) the Ops Plan word document for now.

---++Operations Activity Issues
---+++ Security email

Fred L. says list is populated. Have not got PGP encryption instructions set up yet.

Doug will contact Bob C. to get advice/input/...

---+++ Ticket Exchange with GGUS?
Still open, deferred pending OSG 0.4 release.


---++Community Support Activity Issues
A meeting tomorrow.

---++Other topics

---+++ Provisioning
Documents are going over to html, still some left to go. Putting them into KB at IU for now.

Is KB searchable in Google? Tim will find out.

Would be good to have a link on each document in order to report errors.  Where should that go? OSG-DOCS?

Provisioning is/was a wonderful experience and lots of people should be excited about helping next time.

LG - A printable manual would help. It is now quite lengthy.

---+++ Consortium meeting

A demo session after the parallel session, Ruth want&#39;s to have a hands-on tutorial of OSG 0.4.

---+++ Power outage notice issues
There was a problem with sending the IU power outage notices to all OSG mail lists at once.  The spamfilter thought it was an attack.  We should identify where to send that type of notice.  Suggest just to all support centers and to osg-status.

---+++ Register services?
At some point we need to register services as well as resources.
Put this on future agenda item about registering people running services vs. services registering themselves into a catalog.

-- Main.DougOlson - 10 Jan 2006
