Attendees: Kyle, Tim, RobQ, Marcia, Burt

---++ Last Meeting&#39;s Notes

   * MeetingNotesJan03

---++ Trouble Tickets

   * 652 - Registration database - matching resource to SC
   * This is started at http://osg.grid.iu.edu/dev/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=141&amp;elMenu=Grid%20Support
   * Ruth&#39;s comments available...

---++ Paul Avery&#39;s website Comments

   * All the URLs are huge - I want to add Search Engine Friendly URLs, but I haven&#39;t been able to get it to work at IU yet, and I&#39;m not sure if the machine admins would make the changes at Fermi
   * the site feels slow - not sure what to do here
   * difficult to navigate 
   * have to have patience to find a map showing the OSG Grid sites, something that should be seen in miniature even on the front page. - will be putting a gridcat image on the main page to look at next week

  
---++ Putting documentation into the KB

   * Baseline documentation needs to go in in the next day or two.

---++ Getting another IU person access to fermi in case of emergency

   * We think this should be John Rosheck because he is the current machine admin for the GOC.  We&#39;ll work on this next meeting.

---++ Meetings &amp; Events

---++ Other Topics

   * Finding a unified way to make documentation happen.  Twiki only?  Twiki to something else, but automated?  The GOC will discuss.

 


-- Main.KyleGross - 10 Jan 2006

