---+Next Storage Technical Group Meeting: 12/11/06

---++ Agenda

   * feedback/reports from sc2006
   * EB will start reorganizing the twiki. (i already moved the meeting information about the consortium info).  please send me any issues you  have, ideas, comments, or concerns asap.
   * are there any comments on the table added to the minutes from oct 30? eb will move the table to another place so it can be easily added to.
   * there were questions eb listed below the table.  could there be a discussion about these.
   * what do we want to have to show for the next osg consortium meeting?
   * can we start a list of people to contact to discuss the information mentioned? not to actually make contact, but begin to come up with a process for each of these items.
   * other items? 

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Surya (VU)
   * Eileen Berman (FNAL)
   * Alex Sim (Berkeley)

---++ SC06 feedback

   * Vanderbilt did very well. 3.5GBytes/sec sustained on writes between racks. Over the WAN Vanderbilt collaborated with Cal-tech (Harvey Newman) and sustained 10 Gigabits/sec between pasadena, CA and Tampa Bay. That was with 20 clients at Pasadena.  
   * Alex Sim: SRM v2.2 was demonstrated. We did transfers between the seven sites from on floor. LBNL is planning to provide a monitoring service as part of OSG/SE monitoring service inititiative. It will serve any GridFTP/SRM site. Also Alex will provide a monthly status report on this inititaive. 

---++ Reorganizing Twiki

   * Eileen has done some initial work on the TG Stirage Twiki by reorganizing information. Please provide feedback. Especially on the table of use cases
   * Along with use cases we should start looking at enforceable policies. A basic skeleton level for policies is required for example you can have user policies and SE provider policies. OSG SE has a scope definition that can be used for a start.

---++ What do we want to have to show for the next OSG consortium meeting?

   * We OSG management our vision on where TG Storage.
   * Vision could be supported by policies and use cases
   * We have to show the value addition: srm tester, othe SE&#39;s 
   * Policies on local storage is required 
   * Role of TG Storage across tier1, tier2 and tier3 centers
   * Role of TG Storage across tier1, tier2 and tier3 centers
 
---++ Can we start a list of people to contact to discuss the information mentioned? 
  
  * Start contacting non HEP people.
  * Need to start focusing on local policies. For example how do files disappear. There is probably no garbage collection.

---++ Next meetings

  * Alex will talk about storage monitoring services on Jan 8th 2007 

---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.SuryaPathak - 27 Nov 2006
