%TOC%

---+Support Centers Technical Group Meeting July 26 

2:30pm Central Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attendees: RobQ, Fred, Razvan, Burt, Rick, Doug, Dantong

---++Community Support Activity 

   * Burt&#39;s and Fred&#39;s notes will be posted to the TWiki
   * Vivek is willing to donate time
   * Varying ideas about how to do support
   * A paid person needs to be funded at least for the knowledge base
   * There will be a regular conference call proposed

---++Trouble Ticket Exchange 

   * Rob will look at closed ticket mail and see if the description field is being included
   * Rob will hook up with Rich Thompson Thur or Fri and see if this can be done

---++Registration Information DB 

---+++ Requirements gathering

Doug O. has started a [[Operations.RequirementsForRegistrationDatabase][TWiki]] where we can gather requirements for the registration database. People (you) should add to this page.

---++Joint OSG/EGEE Operations Workshop 

---+++ Agenda planning for Sept. meeting

   * Sept 27th, 28th, and 29th in England (Appington)
   * John Gordon is organizing the agenda so we should start collecting itmes
      * Use cases for communication between EEGE and OSG
      * Ticket Exchage with GGUS (Remedy Based) and Footprints
   * Would be useful for someone from USATLAS (Razvan?) and USCMS (Lisa?) to represent

---+++ Dates for Jan./Feb. meeting

   * Week of Jan 16th proposed (Also proposed for next OSG Consortium Meeting)

---++Other topics

-- Main.RobQ - 26 Jul 2005

