%TOC%


---+Support Centers Technical Group Meeting July 05

Weekly meetings: 2:30pm Central Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Rob Q., Doug O., Fred L., Doug P., Lisa G., Murali, John Roshek, Kyle, Stan
Dane, 

---++Trouble Ticket Exchange
   * USCMS
Working out with Rick how to close tickets automatically.  Also to set up the
other direction of communication (one way today).  Rob will send note to Rick.
   * EGEE
Rob Q. has had some info exchange with EGEE (someone) and will set up some basic info
exchange for the ticket exchange issue.  Doug O. will ask Flavia to register GGUS
as a support 

Need to get more support centers into Footprints so tickets can be assigned to them.


---++Registration Information DB

Kyle will put up new registration forms, that will send email to osg-registration
and the database connection will come later.
Still need procedures documented on what happens to a registration.

Useful to forward existing Footprints registration

Doug O. will write up the instructions.

---++Changing URLs of Services

John - Today we have Gridcat on port 8080 and would like to have it on port 80.
What is the procedure?

Dane - looks like a good example of describing the infrastructure services that we need.

Should announce to ops-status@open...

---++Joint OSG/EGEE Operations Workshop

Sept. 26 ATLAS s/w week (can it be arranged then?)
Dec. 12 ???

---++Community Support Activity

Will be discussed at Consortium meeting in a breakout session.

---++Other topics

Lisa - mailling lists - should have some links to list subscription with the
registration instructions.


-- Main.RobQ - 12 Jul 2005

