+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Scott, TimT, Brian, Jeny, TimC, Mats, Ken, Shawn 

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++  Mats Rynge for Rob Gardner - Campus Grids

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/2016.08.17_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf][2016.08.17_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf]]: Slides

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
Thanks to Brian for running the meeting and taking notes

   * Good stream of user support requests received and resolved.
   * Worked with Kyle @ GOC to improve ticket policies.
   * Submit infrastructure:
      * Starting to support RHEL7 clusters &quot;in the wild&quot;.
      * Set up new submit host for training accounts.
      * Re-architecting the submit hosts to provide more IO (throughput, IOPS) to users.
      * OSG Connect active # of users up significantly over prior 3 months.
         * Total core-hour numbers are up too.
         * Mostly single-core: AMS is notable exception.
   * Freesurfer:
      * V1 released &amp; announced.  Response was less than expected, but got feedback on what is missing / is needed.
      * V2 in the works based on this feedback (particularly: multiple inputs).
   * Xenon1T / SPT:
      * Setup an external repo to allow automated deploy.
      * Working to get the transfer tools (gfal2) compatible with their python.  Many other small issues (i.e., gridftp support for adler32).  Not clear how many more &quot;small issues&quot; are left?
      * Providing advice in automating transfers w/ FTS3.
      * Note from Brian: would be nice to have Suchandra present with details on this project.
   * CC* Campus CI:
      * NSF solicitation explicitly asks how proposed computing resources will be shared (locally, regionally, nationally).  Mentions OSG by name.
      * Also requires sites to deploy perfSonar - another OSG strength.
      * RobG has been working hard to help coordinate proposals from the OSG side.  Very busy!
   * XSEDE Campus Champions &amp; OSG: OSG User Support will now more explicitly work with the campus champions, presenting at their calls.
   * StashCache:
      * increased testing, particularly with the team based at Clemson.
      * Summer student (Tony A) working to do systematic load testing and resolving stashcp bugs.
   * AOB:
      * Shawn circulated document about upcoming milestones in networking.  Please look for his email and follow up!






-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 19 Jul 2016

