---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Wednesday, December 1st, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 1 pm Central |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. &amp; Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees
Brian Bockelman, Suchandra Thapa, Marco Mambelli, Tanya Levshina, Rob Quick, Alain Roy, Kent Blackburn, Chander Sehgal, Igor Sfiligoi

---++ Agenda

   * 1.1 Softwware - Alain Roy, Tanya Levshina _(confirmed)_
   * 1.2 Operations - Rob Quick
   * 1.3 Intergration - Rob Gardner, Suchandra Thapa _(confirmed)_   
   * 1.4   [[20101201VoForum][VO&#39;s - Chander Sehgal  _(confirmed)_ ]]

---++ 1.1 Software

We last reported about the Software Group at the [[20100826AgendaMinutes][August 26th, 2010 Area Coordinators Meeting]].

---+++ Change in Effort
Two people have left: Ted Hesselroth (0.5 FTE) and Abhishek Rana (.15 FTE). 

Jeff Dost at USCD is replacing Abhishek. 
Doug Strain is moving from 0.3 FTE to 0.5 FTE to partially compensate for Ted&#39;s loss.

Overall decrease in effort: 0.3 FTE.

---+++ Regular support
We&#39;ve handled a steady stream of tickets from users (often via the GOC). 

---+++ Events

*OSG Storage Forum* &lt;br&gt;
September 21 &amp; 22, at the University of Chicago, attended by ~ 35 people.

Summary of the survey results:
   * Number of respondents: 15
   * All respondents attended in person
   * All talks were useful, had some interesting new material but specially the &quot;experience&quot; talks had repetitions and known material: VO, ATLAS, CMS and Tier 3. 
   * People would have like to hear more about OSG &amp; storage (OSG plans).
   * The meeting was useful, site admin learned things useful for their SE, developers had valuable feedback.
   * Attendees liked the panel, would like more panels. Generally would prefer less talks and more time for discussions. 

*OSG Grid School in Brazil* &lt;br&gt;
December 9th

Data Management secession 9/12 - Tanya is preparing a lecture/exercises on data management. It will be given remotely.

---+++ Software Releases

We&#39;ve done four major releases (OSG [[ReleaseDocumentation/OSG1213ReleaseNotice][1.2.13]], [[ReleaseDocumentation/OSG1214ReleaseNotice][1.2.14]], [[ReleaseDocumentation/OSG1215ReleaseNotice][1.2.15]], [[ReleaseDocumentation/OSG1216ReleaseNotice][1.2.16]]. Of particular note:

   * We&#39;ve added Bestman2 to the VDT, and we&#39;re now building it from source. 
   * A minor tweak that was made that significantly improved load on some CEs. 
   * Tons of software updates: glexec, prima, GIP, Fetch-CRL, OSG Discovery Tools and lots more. Some were security updates. 
   * Streamlined our update process to make it much easier for site administrators.
   * Updates to handling the upcoming changes to the CA certificate distribution.

In the near future, we expect a brand new version of RSV that will make life easier for site administrators and include new RSV metrics. 

---+++ Notes on specific software

*Native Packaging*

We have a good working version of glexec and we are now working on RPMs for !Xrootd (needed by ATLAS). We have made good progress in our changes to do configuration for software installed via RPM. 

*CREAM*

We have made good progress on CREAM: we have built all of the server-side components for CREAM and have done most of the configuration for it. We hope to finish the configuration soon (a week?) and share an early release with the GIP and Gratia developers so they can support CREAM. We hope to push CREAM to the ITB in early to mid-January. 

*BeStMan2* 

We are now shipping Bestman2 from source! This is a great milestone. 

We have done scalability tests and seen very good performance. Several bugs has been discovered during testing (proxy caching etc). Alex has been very responsive. We&#39;ve tested !BeStMan2 with XACML communication to GUMS, now working fine and in production at Nebraska.

*BeStMan Clients*

We&#39;ve had several releases to fix the problems found during testing. Should address some of the LIGO problems.

*dCache*

A new version of !dCache has been released to ITB in October (the version of dcache software corresponds to  DESY&#39;s current production version of  golden release).

*gLExec*

We&#39;ve done a lot of repackaging of gLExec to better meet various needs, and we&#39;re preparing an upgrade for release &quot;soon&quot;. 

*Hadoop*

Hadoop !RPMs with BeStMan2 is now available. Jeff is learning the procedure of building HDFS !RPMs for VDT.

*RSV*

A major new release is coming. It greatly simplifies life for site administrators: it&#39;s easier to configure and test it. There are also lots of new metrics, including SRM metrics, information services, and ReSS. We&#39;ve also developed the Pigeon Tools, which uses RSV with the SRM metrics to help VOs understand which sites work or don&#39;t work for them. Pigeon Tools have been installed on LIGO submission host, in process of being install at Gluex and Sbgrid. Doug will do a presentation about it at the Site Administrator meeting in December.

*Xrootd*

We&#39;ve been working hard to continue supporting Xrootd for ATLAS Tier 3s. Of particular note (from &quot;Native Packaging&quot; above) is that we have early versions of RPMs that we&#39;ve tested. We&#39;re upgrading to a new version of Xrootd and updating the configuration to meet their needs.

---+++ Documentation

Mostly done, RSV docs still need to be modified to incorporate changes and additions. Hadoop documents need to be reviewed. Jeff took ownership of this documents.

---++ 1.2 Operations

---+++ Progress Since Last Report

   * Transitioning of Arvind out and Scott Teige into Operations is completed. 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][SLAs]]
      * UCSD SLA Completed and in place. 
      * Still working with FNAL to finalize the SLA for OSG services located at Fermigrid. 
   * Ticketing 
      * New web services interface in place to VDT, final testing is occurring now. 
      * FNAL still using mail exchange and still behaving poorly. Progress stalled. 
   * BDII Service
      * Recent degraded service issues due to Network issue between Internet 2 and Indiana University
   * Regular Change Management Meeting and Agenda
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ChangeMgmtMeetingMinutes][Previous Agendas]]
   * CHEP
      * 2 Presentations
      * 1 Poster
   * SC2010
      * 2 Presentations

---+++ Current Work Items 

   * Push to get BDII upgrades to version 5 from version 4.
   * WLCG Top Level BDII Taskforce in place
      * Account Managers getting commitment from VOs
   * Daily WLCG Meetings
   * Operations at GridSchool in Sao Paulo

---+++ Issues Concerns

   * Hardware for WLCG Top Level BDII
   * OpenLDAP issue on VMs
      * Will other LDAP servers work? Can we remove the GLUE Collection (CEMon) from the LDAP Server? 
      * We&#39;ve been able to find hardware for one new instance of BDII but will need more if load continues to increases and we do not solve the problem above.
   * Moving UNL Metrics Services from Nebraska to IU
   * Further move toward ITIL Compliance 

---++ 1.3 Integration
We last reported on Aug 26, 2010.  

---+++ Updates since last report
   * Software releases
      * 4 OSG software releases since last report (1.2.13, 1.2.14, 1.2.15, 1.2.16)
      * Software releases issued about every 4-6 weeks 
   * Testing
      * Have been collaborating with security team to test ca cert cache changes and updates
      * Continuing work with GOC to test VO package updates
   * Effort decreased by 0.5 FTE when Iwona left in October
   * Documentation
      * Completed integration documentation
      * Effort on compute element documentation affected by Iwona&#39;s departure
   * Other 
      * Had a poster at CHEP on ITB Robot efforts and will have a corresponding write in the proceedings
      * Providing resources for upcoming grid summer school for exercises related to PanDA

      
---+++ Current Work Items
   * Further work on ITB robot infrastructure
   * Coordination with the GOC to setup testing of ITB central services
   * Documentation for CE

-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 22 Nov 2010
