Attendees: A = Apologies; P = Present;
| |                 5/29 |  6/12||
|Chander | P |  A||
|Frank |  P | ||
|Kent | P |   A||
|Mike ||||
|Paul        |  P |  P||
|Miron | P | ||
|Torre     |  P |   P||
|Ruth      |  P |   P||


*Refining ET inputs to 3rd year plan*  - skipped for today.

*Goals of users meeting next week* - looks good. 40 registrants. 15 VOs with security and/or operations contacts.

*June metric*: How we know we are succeeding in delivering to WLCG &amp; LHC Experiments - they don&#39;t complain ;-) ; Brian, Ruth to write a strawman. Brian doing archeology on proposed metrics related to WLCG, LHC experiments, LIGO for year 2. Come back after that.

*What help can and should we offer communities with job efficiency problems,* e.g. 
we could make time and effort Campaigns/Task Forces of a few different experts to focus for a couple of weeks on a specific problem if the VO provides matching effort and attention.
   * Start with D0 after Paul&#39;s email. Campaign could include Troubleshooting, Storage and Measurements people. Jamie and Brian already helping. Andrew would be an appropriate storage person. Give this some structure for a few weeks?
   * Can we start CMS at UCSD in parallel or in series?  Storage,  Applications, Troubleshooting. Ted, Sanjay, Jamie?

next meeting in 2 weeks. Miron, Chander, Ruth will be at DOE/NSF we hope. Can we move the meeting to the Wednesday at noon central?


-- Main.RuthPordes - 21 Jun 2008
