---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Nov19][November 19]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release v1.0 patches

Chris: v1.0 (+patches) is now in VDT and ready to moved to the main cache for the next release of VDT 1.10ish

Chris: The Main Gratia database has reached its cruising size.  Backup takes only 3hours and 4.5Gb. 

---++OSG Issues

Brian: Top issues is the documentation of the &quot;how&quot;, &quot;when&quot; and &quot;what&quot; Gratia can collect information.

Chris:  I am eager to start re-gathering this information.

Brian: There is an issue with RSV not having access to the latest Collector code

Chris:  The version that is  now in the VDT is good for them.

Brian/Chris: Last week issue with RSV is that there are using a verison of Gratia pre-innodb (and
missing some indices).

Brian/Chris: The Gratia is no longer planning/expecting to write the RSV probe for the Gratia Service.

---++Gratia Service

Dan: gratia-vm02 has migrated.  Next is the migration of the DB ...

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
