---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Alain, Brian, Tony 
---++ Issues
   * OSG has no release schedule for 1.2, but a major goal to restructure might be driven by the request for new platform support from a big stakeholder.
   * Documentation still needs to be updated to reflect the changes in alter-attributes.conf (Tony) 
   * GIP 1.0.2 
      * Jeff and Suchandra will test 
   * MPI Discussion 
      * Burt will follow up with Andrew Howard
   * Brian sent a suggestion on how to restructure config.ini to better describe subclusters to Suchandra and the list.
   * Burt will talk to Gabriele about aggregating multiple resources into a single site without breaking CEMon/ReSS. 
   * Bug Review 
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/16][16]]: Fixed in 1.2 
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/17][17]]: Fixed in 1.0.1. Burt will follow up with Wisconsin.
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/18][18]]: No progress.
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/20][20]]: No progress.

---++ Next Meeting Friday Sep 5, 1 pm CDT
