---+ Operations Meeting April 06, 2009

   * 13:00 Eastern 
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999 

Attending: Elizabeth, Christopher, Kyle, Jon Bednasz, Doug Olson, Rob, Soichi, Arvind, Levinth, Burt, Fred, Robert Rusinko, Tom Lee, Steve Timm, Horst

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Operations/Minutes2009March30][previous meeting]]

Robot Certs: Discussed RSV Use Case and a little bit about the pilot jobs use cases.  The main issue comes down to the policy/practice that exists to not allow the proxy to move off of the original host.  Doug wants to review that policy in the OSG Security group.  If that piece of policy is updated to use service certs for RSV testing (to allow remote rsv testing), that would solve the problem. (This is an OSG policy, and not a DOE policy)

---++ Hot Topics for the week

   * pending OSG 1.0.1 release - scheduled for later this week. Announcement is coming.  More details/overview will be discussed in next week&#39;s meeting.  (Also, 1.2 is scheduled for July)

   * production release of MyOSG coming next week.

---++ OSG RA Items &amp; CA Questions 

Doug: Wednesday Thursday Mornings - DOEGrids CA had problem causing auth to fail for gridadmin and Agent authentication.  This has been taken care of.  Some cert requests got lost through the non-auth&#39;d webform.

---++ Pending Registrations


Resource Registration

| Name | Support Center | !ResURL | Site_Verify Status | Other Info | Ticket |


---++ Resources Removed from OSG

---++ GOC Tickets


   * Note about tickets: GGUS Issues seem to be resolved.  Storage Tickets will move to different queue. VOMS Failure tickets have had Support Centers removed, so if there are still any open tickets at support centers, please close them as the problem lies within VOMS Monitor.

---+++ Relevant URLs
   * [[https://oim.grid.iu.edu/gocticket/opentickets][Open GOC Tickets]] | [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/reports/ticketreports.html][OSG Operations Metrics]] 

---+++ Tickets to discuss on call:

| Ticket # | Support Center | Action/Summary | Last Action Date | GOCAssignee | Notes |

Steve Timm says that CDF tickets keep getting assigned as Fermilab VO.  Arvind is going to do things to make this work and will talk to Steve offline about this.  

---+++ Other issues


---++ WLCG/OSG/EGEE Issues

---++ Open Discussion of the Operations Group Developments &amp; Plan



-- Main.KyleGross - 02 Apr 2009

