---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Thursday, October 1, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | Noon Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 1111  |


---+++ Attendees

Chander Sehgal, Rich Carlson, Igor Sfiligoi, Peter Doherty, Abhishek Rana, Alain Roy, Dan Fraser, Maxim Potekhin, Ian Stokes-Rees, Brian Bockelman, Mine Altunay, Rob Quick, Tanya Levshina

---++ Agenda

   * 1.0.1 Software Tools Group – Alain Roy, Mine Altunay
   * 1.0.2 Production Coordination – Dan Fraser
   * 1.0.3 Biology &amp; Biomedical – Piotr Sliz

---++ Software Tools Group Report
We&#39;re getting a fresh start on the new year. Over the summer, our meetings became less regular and we didn&#39;t have a good eye on our goals.

To address this, two weeks ago we had a planning meeting. [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20090922][Meeting minutes]] During this meaning, we came up with a list of topics that we need to address in the relatively near future. You can read the complete list there, but the list includes RSV, OIM, software licenses, storage discovery tool, announcing down times, and more.

Earlier this week, we had a detailed meeting about RSV. [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20090929][Meeting minutes]] Several topics were discussed, particularly the Marco&#39;s STG effort to develop a new user interface for RSV (called rsv-control). This is coming along well. Rob Quick and Arvind Gopu announced that they would like to transition development of the client portions of RSV (the stuff that isn&#39;t the probes or central collection) away from the GOC, so we&#39;ve agreed to come up with a proposal for who should maintain this portion of RSV--it will be something we discuss in the short-term future (the next few days) with the Executive Team.

One of our short-term goals is to remedy a flaw in OSG development: Currently the VDT does not have a license for the code we wrote (like our configuration scripts--I&#39;m not referring to the externally-developed software that we distribute). I am nearly ready to propose a license not only for the VDT, but for the software developed by OSG, so this will be discussed soon by the STG. We shouldn&#39;t have allowed ourselves to go so long without a clear license.



---++ Biology &amp; Biomedical

   * MPI + Infiniband cluster now in use, targeting molecular dynamics simulations (using Desmond from DE Shaw).  Conversations in progress with other OSG sites regarding MPI job submission to OSG (and Condor)

   * OSG Match Maker now being used for job submission.

   * Would like to shift from SBGrid-oriented work (domain specific, and tied to an existing closed membership consortium) to NEBioGrid (currently regional bio medical computing VO, hoping to expand to national scope in the next year).  What are the implications of this?

   * Organizing BioMed GPU workshop.  Looking for GPU-enabled applications that could then be built into OSG-accessible site/cluster. http://nebiogrid.org/biomed-gpu-workshop-2009

   * One new success story: NMR expert is now running simulations on OSG.  Went from first conversation to independent job submission to OSG within a week.  User has submitted ~100 jobs and has interesting workflow with lots of compute demand.

   * Working with Center for Biomedical Informatics (Harvard Medical School) and grad students at MIT to grid-enable a compute intensive problem they are working on.

   * Contact with National Center for Image Guided Therapy (http://www.ncigt.org/) to grid-enable image analysis workflows.  NCIGT is currently part of BIRN and TG, but are based 2 minutes from HMS and are interested in opportunities with OSG.

-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 18 Sep 2009

