---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesMay30][May 30]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * TBA.
   * Apologies: TBA

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

---++Collector/Report development

Penelope: I finished the restructuring for the VDT 1.7.1 release (moving files in CVS, updating
the Makefile and introducing a common library).  However I did not yet get around to make 
the services use the common library.  I am also testing Birt 2.2 and I am finding some issues
with duplicate (more or so) jar files in our repository.

Jeff: For the new structure I need to recreate my eclipse projects.

Penelope: I still have some configuration looking issues with library which may be a bug in 
the Birt Release Candidate.

Penelope: I also started to convert the report to Birt 2.2 (the line graph are not converting
well so far).

Philippe: I finished another set of improvements.
  - Added support for a new field (Grid)
  - Renamed some of the tables 
	RolesTable -&gt; Role
	CETable -&gt; Site
	CEProbes -&gt; Probe
  - Updated the stored procedure scripts accordingly
  - Introduced a new set of table to handle VOName
	renaming (VO and VONameCorrection).
  - Updated the replication to only handle a 
	fixed (but configurable) number of entries
	at a time.  This should repair the replication
	of large databases (at once).

For your convenience, I also added Role,Site and
Probe views to the current production schema and
added RolesTables,CETables and CEProbes views to 
the new schema so that the report should work both
with new and old database and can already be 
upgraded to use the new names.

I also added in both the live database and the
new schema a JobUsageRecord_Report view which 
include the join between JobUsageRecord and
JobUsageRecord_Meta.  I am considering extending
this view to also contains the join to the Site
and VONameCorrection tables.

Jeff: I am done (and happy with) my testing of the library
and template feature of Birt.

Chris: The release testing is going well so far (a few flaw
in the summary table creation).  Old Probe are able to 
upload data.  Still need to check new probe and trigger 
code.  I updated our configuration script.  Still need
to cross check the reports.

Philippe: So it looks like we are on track for the June 15
release.

---++LCG.py

John: LCG finished their cut over to a new server.

---++Probe

John: Some of progress has been made in the prima callout.

---++Test Bed

John W: x31 now has a CE with Condor.   I will add PBS
x32 and x33 I will add other CR
x34 VOMS
x35 GUMS
I now know how to get the probe xml ouput and will 
create a script to compare it with the expected result.

Chris/John: There is entry in auth_priv that keeps being
dropped (with no explicit request to do so).  Diana has
other priority and will look at it later.  

---++Metrics

---++Any Other Business

Steve: FermiGrid is replacing their RAM and will donate it to Gratia.
