---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Thursday, July 9, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | Noon Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 1111  |


---+++ Attendees
Maxim, Igor, Dan, Tanya, John, Rich, Rob Q, Brian, David, Sebastien, &amp; Chander


---++ Agenda

   * Questions about year4 OSG Goals definition process - Chander

   * 1.0.2 Production Coordination – Dan Fraser

   * 1.2 Operations – Rob Quick - [[OpsReportJuly09][Ops Report]]

   * 1.5 Engagement - John !McGee
      * contact [[mailto:mcgee@renci.org][mcgee]] for access to Engage proj mgmt site
      * Previous Month&#39;s [[%ATTACHURLPATH%/engage-submit_jobs_long1.png][activity]] with Engage MatchMaker
      * New user and campus activity has been steady. Most active user is Steffen Bass - Duke theoretical physics. Anton Betten is running again (Math Colo State). Raptor (Xu et al) is not been active lately. A fair amount of work recently supporting Mike Wilde and an engagement in Houston. Duke campus grid activities have led to a new opportunity at NCCU - North Carolina Central University (MSI) - meeting with them this afternoon - likely to result in a new physics user, [[http://www.nccu.edu/news/index.cfm?id=739D3289-C295-3D7D-E86DAE776379D89E][Vlahovic]], and possibly a resource addition to OSG (128 node linux cluster).
      * [[https://www.eie4ci.org/internal/Lists/mailArchive/Flat.aspx?RootFolder=https%3a%2f%2fwww%2eeie4ci%2eorg%2finternal%2fLists%2fmailArchive%2fGPN%20meeting%20report&amp;FolderCTID=0x012002004C3854CA2A7D6A46A695A3D2E211E8CA][Report from]] GPN Campus Grids BOF presentation
      * MPI: international user has reached end of quota at NERSC - has a second paper coming out with OSG acknowledgement - Mats to send info out on this soon. Recently introduced to a GPN user who requires MPI (earth sciences). WRF user from U Nebraska Lincoln (Cynthia Hays) has [[https://www.eie4ci.org/internal/Lists/mailArchive/DispForm.aspx?ID=483][put us on hold]] - we put quite a bit of effort into this one and have no success story.
      * Maxim Potekhin: [[%ATTACHURL%/Trash/EngagementBNL20090709.txt][Summary]] of Trash/Engagement activity with Nonproliferation Department
      * Chris Green:
         * Geant4 [[https://www.eie4ci.org/internal/Lists/mailArchive/Flat.aspx?RootFolder=https%3a%2f%2fwww%2eeie4ci%2eorg%2finternal%2fLists%2fmailArchive%2fGeant4%20progress%20synopsis&amp;FolderCTID=0x012002004C3854CA2A7D6A46A695A3D2E211E8CA][progress update]] from 6/16/2009 
         * Successfully had a guinea-pig Iter member run TGYRO jobs from engage-submit.
         * Working on testing / expanding use of Teragrid gateway -- still in infancy.
         * Meeting [[https://www.eie4ci.org/internal/Lists/mailArchive/Flat.aspx?RootFolder=https%3a%2f%2fwww%2eeie4ci%2eorg%2finternal%2fLists%2fmailArchive%2fOSG%20Engagement%20meeting%20with%20ITER%20%2d%20Jun%2010%2c%202009%20%2d%20Minutes&amp;FolderCTID=0x012002004C3854CA2A7D6A46A695A3D2E211E8CA][notes]] from 6/10/2009 meeting with ITER

   * 1.6 Campus Grids – Sebastien Goasguen

   * *Current Initiatives*
      * Gratia probe for BOINC backfill (1.6.4.1.2, prereq for all 1.6.4)
         * Greg Thain and Michael Fenn working on this
      * SURAGrid 1.6.1.3
         * Focused on VOMS integration
         * SURA trying to revive there campus wg
      * Genome Center 1.6.1.4
         * One CE, one submit host, two worker nodes + docs
         * Now focusing on apps (BLAST)
      * Some campuses on hold (FIU, USC, Alabama…)

   * *Need to drop 1.6.2 (OSG lite)*

   * *Accomplishments Since Last Report*
      * Five students from Clemson participated in TG09 programming contest
      * Kristen Hardwic at ISSGC in Sophia Antipolis
      * Clemson-birdnest running jobs in VMs that are dynamically provisioned.
      * Supporting OSG EDU 1.6.4.2.1 (100%)
         * Edu user now running successfully on Engage
         * Dr. Erin Hodgess and her students LaToya Green and Melinda Chin at University of Houston - Downtown


   * 3.2 Communications -- (David Ritchie):  Ruth would like me to mention a new link for document categorization [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/topics_cert.html]]




-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 06 Jul 2009



