---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Mine, Tim, Gabriele, Brian, Rob Quick, Chander, Lothar, Shawn  (Dan did not attend)

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico with calendar items
   * Archive of [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsLetters][OSG Newsletters]]

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ Technology - Brian Bockelman

---+++ Annual Report - Chander Sehgal
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/2013_OSG_annual_report_outline.docx][2013 OSG Annual Report Outline]]
   * Need your sections by Feb 8 at the latest
   * Covers 4/1/2012 to now
   * For examples see previous annual reports located in OSG [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/][DocDB]]

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Discuss Technology area items:

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-41 :  Reduce the numbers of host certs required at a site - Expect update after mid-Nov after GUMS release

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-27 :  Improving OSG support for HTTP - any progress on better support of HTTP in condor and AAA (at CERN)?

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-26 :  Improve OSG support for VMs - expect availability of requirements in the request; from Oct 2012 AC meeting, Chander followed up with Michael Ernst on his notes for the requirements 

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-10 : Control priority and allocation of opportunistic resources - What is the status of the OSG-CE? Should we record a new timeline?

---++ Minutes
&lt;pre&gt;
Gabriele now runs the meetings

** Key Initiative - Brian

- OASIS
About 2 weeks behind.
Fermilab is working on security questions. Prefer to have Fermilab on board, but can proceed with others, in case.

- HTCondor-CE
Close to schedule.
Added a review from the security team to the plan.

- gWMS Usability (was gWMS monitoring)
Deploying graphs for production at GOC in Feb
Questions can be sent to Brian via email; they&#39;ll be converted to tickets.

- Grid Exerciser
Design document available.
Test OSG-wide backfill and exercise lightly-used capabilities



** Top Concerns - Brian

- Java: Oracle EOL for our Java version is end-Feb. Need to change gLExec for Cross-CE use case to upgrade: need security review, package changes, etc. We&#39;ll not be ready. Not a crisis yet.

- Effort: unclear what to de-prioritize to fit gWMS usability and network area.

- Cross-CE: effort stuck on gLExec issues (see above)

- Transition: not solved all issues of merging Software and Technology area. Splitting responsibilities and redrawing lines: need to be self-consistent and documented. About 1 month behind.



** Calendar updates
Summer User School - Jun 24 - 27
LHC meeting in Washington - Jan 21 - Feb 1



** Newletter
Article on the Summer School next month or two



** Annual Report
Sections from AC by Feb 8. Publish report by end of Feb.
Time covered: Apr 1, 2012 - Now


** Stakeholder Requests
Need input from Brian
&lt;/pre&gt;


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 11 Jan 2013


