---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010May19][May 19]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

Chris: Everything going smoothly.   The optimization procedure has been tweaked to run only once per quarter and only on a saturday and only one database (about of Collector DB and Reported DB) per week.  The optimization scripts also announces the beginning and end of optimization of each schema.

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Development

Philippe:  Will be adding a new public to the administration service showing the list of replication that have been setup.

Philippe: Still working on optimization of the housekeeping.

Philippe: Started to think about displaying the payload data information and whether collecting on the running host or the submit host or both is the best way to go.\

---++Probe.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Karthik: I am finished with transitioning the email report to txt + html format.

---++ Transition

Chris:  I have been working on reviewing and updating the twiki documentation, amongst other things documenting the perl based email reports.
Started to talk to Andrew about probe and probe releases.   Started also on the overall architecture of the collector.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
