Attending: Joe Metzger, Rick Carlson, Doug Olson, Kent, Chris, Mine, Rob Quick, Warren,  Ruth, Alain, Miron, Patrick, Abhishek,


Joe - ESNET working a lot on the Perfsonar steering committee and networking monitoring committee for worldwide network monitoring and reports; Rich - Internet2; 

---++ Networking Monitoring

Perfsonar:
Web services based architecture; automated discovery and topology tools; defined schema. 

Ability to find problems in a wide area path - Perfsonar. Management issues today. Collaboration between ESNET, Internet2 and GEANT, to get monitoring end-to-end across DOE Labs, European and Universities. ESNET has a measurement archive that has link utilitilization data for all links on ESNET backbone. Internet2 has a similar archive. GEANT has a similar archive also with more privacy concerns. No authentication/authorization controls at the moment. The Campus do not have it deployed. Web services tools give information on request. GUI &quot;Perfsonar UI&quot;. Will be able to automate the requests and get the information we need from inside OSG applications. Not just at a presentation layer. Scope of ESNET/Internet2 work is on basic information, with less focus on visualisation and display. Applications have to know the endpoints - IP addresses, traceroute. 

Operations -- pick a few sites which a more active in data transfer. E.g. Tier-1 to Tier-2. And present the information which is more OSG specific. And present this to the users using the data collected. Get a handle on the questions that the Users (operations, VOs, sites)  will ask, so can understand how to answer them; need some tool deployment at the sites. 

Finding problems in the local infrastructure which prevent the machines having good performance even though the network can provide it - these are different tools - NDT? NPAD? clients as part of the OSG s/w stack. Waiting on Ted to feedback the status. Before we put it into VDT. Before putting more effort in would be good to use it to monitor one connection. And figure out what it takes to keep an eye on it. Perhaps the Troubleshooting? Perhaps contributions from a Site? Look for a contribution from the Council. 

Can we ask for the Internet2/ESNET to maintain the information for us as a collection? ESNET already planning to do this for LHCOPN. Update at the all hands meeting. OSG to identify someone to work on this - 2-4 sites of interest. And talk to the operations center.

---++ LIGO In Year 2

LIGO Science Goals for Year 2 - work on einstein@home
Warren: at present LIGO has sufficient resources in house. so little incentive for scientists to migrate to OSG. One exception - &quot;identifying rotating neutron stars&quot;. can use infinite computing resources. Physicists decided to make the client be einstein@home using the boinc infrastructure. Take about 11 hours to run. Is there check pointing?  Running on LIGO data grid and dGrid. Planning to get dGrid deployment ported to OSG. Continue the work with Kent/Britta looking for &quot;neutron stars&quot;. This will be leveraged in the future. 

Sites running Condor or resources controlled by Glide-ins Boinc based jobs should be able to run. On LIGO data grid installed and used Squid on those sites where it is deployed. Using Globus job submission on dGrid as well as using Squid but using the gatekeeper requires opening up ports through the firewall. There are accounting issues? How will OSG account such jobs? Are there other issues. 

Goals for the OSG LIGO -PIF collaboration for Year 2 - 
Warren: Looks as through CA deliverables for Year 1 will be completed shortly. One outstanding issue for DOE Grid to work on . And it looks like this will be done.  
Patrick: VDT deliverable that VDT will give full support for Centos and Debian releases for LIGO. VDT deliverables are clear. 
Continuing to look at membership services internal to LIGO. Not yet a list of decisions and deliverables.
 
Status of the LIGO Workload Management collaboration with OSG - parallel evaluation of Condor-C is slow also because engaging scientists is slow. Scott has taken up the technical lead. Some solid ideas of how to use Condor-C. Some plans with some preliminary results in the next couple of months. Will have questions about the data management issues as the work proceeds. Scott has a vision seeing Condor-C and Pegasus working together to have an integrated end-to-end distributed system. 

Access to Grid enabled managed storage on OSG for LIGO
Kent: will continue to run binary inspiral and will be evaluating how best to use the Grid accessible storage since the application needs a large amount of data. This will continue to use Pegasus. 
Patrick: some scientists are beginning to slowly engage. Will evolve over the next 12 months. Is heading the right way. And continuing with this work is useful. 

---++ User Satisfaction Survey
What Users Group needs from OSG Executive Board: 
   * EB sponsor authoritative negotiations with sites to support not sponsored VOs. Probably at least a third only support the minimum set of VOs. ~50% sites support about 20 VOs and then most of the rest of the sites support a handful. Still big discrepancy. New sites don&#39;t seem to be doing any more than the minimum? 

&lt;b&gt;Action Item for Operations: &lt;/b&gt;
in first contact and discussion with new resources, encourage and discuss support for many VOs. 

&lt;b&gt;Action Items for the Executive Team:&lt;/b&gt;

&lt;b&gt; VOs supported by a site &lt;/b&gt;

Nanohub, DES. What applications are trying to run under the Fermilab VO? MiniBoone has given up. MiniBoone benefits from specific account mapping at each site. 

Mine: Sites should inform OSG and/or the VO when they drop support for a VO as this can affect trust in the organization. 

Ruth: Is the Campaign still in force? When/how to we end it? Did it succeed? 

Miron: where are we in the checking if a VO is really supported?

Alain: some information in the VDT. 1 day to improve the scripts to check with VOs are being supported. as a tool for the site administrators. Improve the VDT check and integrate this into the functional testing framework. The list that goes to VORS is trimmed? 

Mine: Operations, Infrastructure and/or Troubleshooting? Is part of Operational Security. 

Miron: all of the above. 

Chris: Some sites accept a job and then preempt or suspend. These &quot;capture&quot; a job sometimes for hours. Related to promises for policies of a site. 

Miron: unbelievable that job of 12 hours cannot be chopped into smaller pieces. Cannot run opportunistically if cannot run for 12 hours. 

Sites should try to be accommodating as possible in terms of policies 
VOs should try to make their applications preemptable.
Negotation possible / helped? between Sites and VOs on these policies. 
Can one have a preemption policy with a minimum length of run time before preemption? 
Sites have control over killing applications also. I/O to CPU ratio is relevant. eg. MiniBoone is an hour of data transfer out of a 12 hour job. Have they thought about checkpointing the results of the I/O?
Falls under the Job Priorities thinking. 

request that GUMS installation and configurations be taken up by the site coordination group to help groups within VOs to run on the OSG. 

&lt;b&gt;Action Item:&lt;/b&gt; Miron to look at the user survey. Principal is that it is needed. It is a must. Need to learn how to do it most effectively.  What was the return rate? Summary to be presented. Need to communicate back the results and show it had impact. 
Top 10 list of issues brought up. Report on these issues from the ET to the users group.  And Rob Gardner to do the same for the sites. Plan to have survey annually. Can one have Users Group meeting at the six month interval.

---++ dCache report
For all updates on dCache schedules please checkout the newsletters
http://trac.dcache.org/trac.cgi/wiki/newsletter-1
http://trac.dcache.org/trac.cgi/wiki/newsletter-2

I got an agreement with most of the Tier I&#39;s for a schedule for
upgrading to dCache 1.8 (SRM 2.2) which you can find here :

http://trac.dcache.org/trac.cgi/wiki/dcache18Deployment

 I&#39;ll keep this table up to date. 

---++ Security - Collaborations and Relationships
Attend EGEE security meetings and vice-versa. Open up security lists to each others security officers. How do we control this? How do we ensure reciprocity? Perhaps discussed in OSG, WLCG, EGEE management meetings. 

Next Executive Board meeting? 


-- Main.RuthPordes - 28 Sep 2007
