---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 5 October 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending
Miron, Torre, Kent, Doug, Ruth, Alain, Rob, Frank

---++ SOWs
   Caltech SOW - Kent
Regular status reports. Should we be more explicit? put section of the management plan the status reports is in.  Do we want to send it past the CIO of the institution before sending to the Executive Team? No. They will get it from the contracts office. Will send the Caltech SOW to the ET. 

---++ Users Group and User Coordination activities. 
This is an important area; Agreed to think and talk and come back next week.

---++ Report from MAGIC meeting - Miron
MAGIC has round table of production systems. Shibboleth, TeraGrid, OSG etc.  Ruth to present in November. MAGIC is an interagency coordination group for middleware. Communication and information focus. Industry included. 

---++ Status of 6 slides for DOE - Miron, Ruth
Miron took a pass today. Will hand the baton to Ruth when he has completed his thoughts.

---++ Non physics use of OSG. 
JHU and CHARMM. Broadening PANDA deployment now; using Condor-G; Dietrich Liko and Dario are saying cannot use Condor-G on WLCG. Can one run PANDA on non-ATLAS sites? New scheduler and pilot coming which removes this constraint. 

---++ Metrics planning
not covered

---++ NERSC discussion
Alain has started talking to Doug about an allocation at NERSC. Currently Miron as the PI, Alain as the proxy. 

---++ Box. 
Questions for Rob to follow up on. Expect Box to attend the integration meeting. High Availability paper sent from Rob to ET list.

-- Main.RuthPordes - 04 Oct 2006
