---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Tony, Suchandra, Brian, Gabriele, Parag, Steve Timm 
---++ Issues
   * Ask BeSTMan developers for GIP plugin -- Brian will bring it up to osg-storage 
   * Existing docs fixed for duplicate pages (Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGenericInformationProvider vs. GenericInformationProviders). Steve Timm will review. 
   * Documentation still needs to be updated to reflect the changes in alter-attributes.conf (Tony) 
   * GIP 1.0.2 
      * Tagged but not cut
      * One minor bugfix -- Burt will tag 1.0.3 and release to VDT.
   * MPI Discussion 
      * Andrew Howard is running a one-off patch to CEMon to allow him to publish MPI attributes via the GlueSoftwareEntity.
   * Ferrmigrid tools currently assume GlueSubClusterUniqueID == GlueClusterUniqueID. Burt will talk to Steve offline about it.
   * Burt will meet with Gabriele and Parag about the change control process for CEMon/ReSS and how we have to manage the interface between GIP and those services.
   * Suchandra gave his blessing to modifying the config.ini format to simplify configuration of SEs and subclusters.
   * Steve Timm asked if we can run GIP/CE for a compute element on a node different than the gatekeeper. The consensus was that it is possible, may require some changes, and is not yet officially supported. He asked us to consider it a low priority request. 
   * Bug Review 
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/18][18]]: No progress. 
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/20][20]]: Will osg-attributes.conf exist in OSG 1.2 and beyond? Yes. Brian will code a fix.
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/21][21]]: Fixed by lowercasing the batch system name in the infosystem.

---++ Next Meeting Friday Sep 19, 1 pm CDT

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 05 Sep 2008
