<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MinutesNovember29 &lt; Operations &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Operations/MinutesNovember29?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MinutesNovember29" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Operations/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/MinutesNovember29"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Support_Centers_Meeting_Agenda_M">Support Centers Meeting Agenda &amp; Minutes November 29, 2005</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Operational_Security_Response"> Operational Security Response</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#OSG_0_4_Provisioning_and_Deploym"> OSG 0.4 Provisioning and Deployment</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Previous_Meeting_notes">Previous Meeting notes</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Consortium_Meeting_January_23_26"> Consortium Meeting January 23-26 in Florida</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Operations_Activity_Issues">Operations Activity Issues</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Community_Support_Activity_Issue">Community Support Activity Issues</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Other_topics"> Other topics</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h1><a name="Support_Centers_Meeting_Agenda_M"></a> Support Centers Meeting Agenda &amp; Minutes November 29, 2005 </h1>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Tuesdays 2:30pm Central
</li> <li> Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223
</li></ul> 
<p />
Attending: Tim, Doug, Craig (U.ofC.), Fred, Alan, Burt, Rob Q.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Operational_Security_Response"></a> Operational Security Response </span></h2>
<p />
Related material - <a href="http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=19&amp;extension=PDF" target="_top">incident response document</a>.
<p />
Alan - lots of discussion on this topic within EGEE/LCG.  A grid vulnerability group was formed with closed email list, including the usual OSG security folks, intended for future planning, identify known or find grid vulnerabilities.  Also analysis of these vulnerabilities and pursuit of remedies.  It is claimed to be basically an operational area.
<p />
Should OSG have such a forum? Is the function covered by existing OSG organization &amp; processes?
<p />
It seems useful to have VDT directly involved, also Leigh and/or Rob in the LCG group.
<p />
Good to have it as a topic at the January consortium meeting.
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_0_4_Provisioning_and_Deploym"></a> OSG 0.4 Provisioning and Deployment </span></h2>
<p />
VO support centers (&amp; maybe others) need to be involved.  There is a session on this topic Thursday at the <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/WorkshopFnalNov05" target="_top">integration workshop</a>.
<p />
<p />
Rob - most of Thursday PM is devoted to provisioning &amp; documenting services. Rob &amp; Tim will be heavily involved with provisioning.  How should support centers be involved?  Good to have some people checking the documentation and testing for errors.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Previous_Meeting_notes"></a> Previous Meeting notes </span></h2>
<p />
<a href="/bin/view/Operations/MinutesNovember22" class="twikiLink">MinutesNovember22</a>
<p />
Still open from pre-previous meeting. <ul>
<li> Registration Acknowledgements - any news? - Rob has updates but not yet posted to the TWiki.
</li> <li> VO Privilege page in VO registration - is in DB and on form
</li> <li> Update to registration instructions - Doug? (still pending)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Consortium_Meeting_January_23_26"></a> Consortium Meeting January 23-26 in Florida </span></h2>
<p />
Continue last week's discussion with perhaps more people. Thoughts on agenda?
<p /> <ul>
<li> support interop with EGEE, TG, ...?
</li> <li> support center agreements?
</li> <li> other? <ul>
<li> operational security - Re: LCG grid vulnerbaility group mentioned above
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> parallel sessions <ul>
<li> Tuesday AM - Operations &amp; Support <ul>
<li> agreements
</li> <li> community support
</li> <li> knowledgebase
</li> <li> metrics for support centers
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Wednesday AM - Operations interfaces with: other grids, support centers, ... <ul>
<li> ticket exchange
</li> <li> metrics, accounting?, ...
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Operations_Activity_Issues"></a> Operations Activity Issues </span></h2>
<p />
Some topics covered above.
<p />
The SOP's approved at last weeks meeting for Support Center registration and Resource registration have been posted on the published SOP page, <a href="/bin/view/Operations/StandardOperatingProcedures" class="twikiLink">StandardOperatingProcedures</a>.  A few words were added below the flow chart and any comments on those should be directed to the mail list.  Also the updated VO registration SOP is also posted.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Community_Support_Activity_Issue"></a> Community Support Activity Issues </span></h2>
<p />
A meeting scheduled for tomorrow.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Other_topics"></a> Other topics </span></h2>
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/DougOlson" class="twikiLink">DougOlson</a> - 29 Nov 2005</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Operations<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Operations/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Operations/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MinutesNovember29</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r10 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:56 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />