<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MeetingMinutes2010Jan13 &lt; Storage &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010Jan13?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MeetingMinutes2010Jan13" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Storage/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010Jan13"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Storage_Meeting_Minutes_2010_Jan"></a> Storage Meeting Minutes 2010 Jan 13 </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> <ul>
<li> Andrew Baranovski
</li> <li> Ted Hesselroth
</li> <li> Neha Sharma
</li> <li> Alex Sim
</li> <li> Tanya Levshina
</li></ul> 
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Status_report"></a> Status report </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
<p />
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>
<p />
Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>
<p />
Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Made outline of front page of Storage web on OSG twiki. Made outlines
for major subsections End User, Application Developer, Site
Administrator. Gathered links to other OSG twiki topics that be be
incorporated in the new Storage documentation.
</pre>
<p />
Neha:
<pre class="screen">
built gratia storage probes for versions  1.06.13a-1 , 1.06.13b-1 and 1.06.13c-1

added the check that JAVA_LOCATION points to a java binary (as requested by Dave@UIUC) 
and committed changes in CVS

upgraded dcache on gridworks to 1.9.5-11 (had to move pool directories on gwdca01 from 
/usr/local to /scratch as /usr/local is not available anymore) and performed simple transfers 
to validate it

fixed bug in dcache install script which prevented the creation of new pools

more troubleshooting with Chris on gratia transfer probe on UIUC. there was a logical 
bug in probe. this is now resolved
</pre>
<p />
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - STAR data replication with bestman accessing NERSC HPSS
     Test instance deployed for STAR at lbl.gov
  - NERSC PDSF deployment of bestman for multiple VO requirements
  - srmping failure to bestman within RSV probe at Vanderbilt.
    (ticket 7431 - closed now)

* Release
  - working on bestman2 test and packaging
</pre>
<p />
Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
meetings:
   with Alain to discuss current status
   with xrootd-developers
   with Paul Rossman to discuss FTS
   T3 site coordinators
   ITB meeting - OSG 1.2.5 release

technical work:
     Revised  OSG storage WBS , waiting for Alain and Chander approval to 
update webpage
     Installed/tested
        bestman-fullmode/bestman-gateway/xrootd from OSG
        vdt-dcache 2.4.5 (still some problems with gratia probes)
        
     Provided instructions to Rob Snihur on how to install hadoop/fuse on the worker node
     Found the problem with xrootd/cnsd logs, reported bug to developers 
     Investigating weird behavior of xrootd when the related daemons are restarted 
on the data server during ftp transfer
</pre>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="First_agenda_item"></a> First agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
vdt-dcache 2.4.5
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
vdt-dcache 2.4.5 is in testing: <ul>
<li> dcache-server 1.9.5-11 (dcache current production release)
</li> <li> gratia probe  1.06.13c-1 
</li></ul> 
dcache has passed all the tests but gratia probes are failing, so we will investigate and cut a new release.
<p />
The plans for vdt-dcache releases after that one: <ol>
<li> new gratia storage probe (collecting data from Information Provider) - in packaging/testing right now
</li> <li> inclusion of chimera, migration procedure from pnfs (in about 3 months)
</li></ol> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Second_Agenda_Item"></a> Second Agenda Item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
<p />
New storage dcache probe
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN1"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
Andrew has discussed all the opened issues with Chris and it looks like the probe is being ready for packaging and testing. Andrew is working on documentation.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Third_agenda_item"></a> Third agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Documentation overhaul
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN2"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted has been working on general layout and reviewing the old documents. The start up page is <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Storage" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Storage</a>. 
Most  of the work will be finished in two weeks.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fourth_agenda_item"></a> Fourth agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Bestman 2
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN3"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
The release has been delayed due to problems with packaging bestman under tomcat. The current estimate that it will be available for VDT testing in couple of month.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fifth_agenda_item"></a> Fifth  agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Scalability test update from Abhishek
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN4"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Haifeng's plan for initial scalability tests: <ol>
<li> single datanode bandwidth test with Gridftp and FUSE copy respectively
</li> <li> cluster bandwidth test with gridftp with small files and large files
</li> <li> bestman scalability test using lcg-cp and srmls
</li> <li> data access via FUSE, which should include the benchmark of single node test (1-4 jobs in a single node) and cluster test (no less than 8 jobs per datanode)
</li> <li> maybe a fast data transfer (FDT) test can be done as well.
</li></ol> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Sixth_agenda_item"></a> Sixth  agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
SCEC and Fly's Eye status
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN5"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
SCEC:
<p />
We have the following update from  Ewa Deelman and Gaurang Mehta:
<pre class="screen"/>
Firefly has behaved very well. Though we did not use glideins to use a large number of nodes at one shot which may have not taxed 
the Panasas filesystem enough. When running the same workflows on ranger using glideins we run 2400 tasks in parallel and 
that does tax the Lustre filesystem a bit.

I have some new numbers about files and sizes, runtimes etc updated on the wiki.
</pre>
The webpage is <a href="https://confluence.pegasus.isi.edu/display/pegasus/CyberShake+on+OSG" target="_top">https://confluence.pegasus.isi.edu/display/pegasus/CyberShake+on+OSG</a>.
<p />
Fly's Eye:
<p />
Chris will start transfer to Omaha and Lincoln. We are still looking for sites that could provide 10 TB (5 &amp; 5) for some period of time (up to 1 year)    
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Seventh_agenda_item"></a> Seventh  agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN6"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++
<p />
Need to follow up:
<p />
7953 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Monitoring issue
<p />
Closed:
<p />
7954 - OSG Storage: dCache: Chimera: Postgres "duplicate key " errors
<p />
Follow up in progress:
<p />
7955- OSG Storage: Xrootd: problem starting redirector using vdt-control
<p />
7956 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: OSG 1.2.5 xrootd data server log problem
<p />
++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++
<p />
Closed:
<p />
7908 - OSG Storage: dCache: vdt-dcache-2.4.3: gratia-transfer-probe not working properly
<p />
Follow up in progress:
<p />
7924 - OSG Storage: srmcp rsv probe: not working at se1.accre.vanderbilt.edu
<p />
No update:
<p />
6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Created_by"></a> Created by: </span></h2>
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a> - 14 Jan 2010</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Storage<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Storage/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MeetingMinutes2010Jan13</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r1 - 14 Jan 2010 - 16:58:11 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />