---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
 &lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt; 
   * &lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Ted Hesselroth&lt;/font&gt;
   * &lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Andrew Baranovski&lt;/font&gt;
   * &lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Neha Sharma&lt;/font&gt;

---+++ Reports from
   * &lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Tanya Levshina &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
   * &lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Abhishek Rana&lt;/font&gt; 

---++ First agenda item

&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;D0 status. &lt;/font&gt;

---+++ Discussion

&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Abhishek reported that there were issues with a few sites &lt;br /&gt;that he has forwarded to Tanya. Andrew said D0 had not raised the issues &lt;br /&gt;with him yet.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt; 

---++ Second Agenda Item

&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Gratia probes for Bestman. &lt;/font&gt;

---+++ Discussion

&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Gratia probes for Bestman. Andrew has received log files from Tanya.&lt;/font&gt;

---++ Third agenda item

&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Bestman-xrootd status. &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

---+++ Discussion

&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;From Tanya:&lt;br /&gt;1. All components are in vdt, all can be configured/stopped/started with &lt;br /&gt;vdt commands&lt;br /&gt;2. Installation and Documentation Guide is ready&lt;br /&gt;3. Work in progress: validation test suite for BeStMan and BeStMan/xrootd&lt;br /&gt;4. We have sent the information to ATLAS Tier-2 sites taht volunteered &lt;br /&gt;to install it&lt;br /&gt;5. One of the Tier-2 site expressed need to have BeStMan-gateway &lt;br /&gt;installation (not BeStMan-xrootd). We are working on the solution&lt;/font&gt;

---++ Fourth agenda item

&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Status of dcache.&lt;/font&gt;

---+++ Discussion

&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt; From Tanya:&lt;br /&gt;We have tested the new srm-fermi client extensively against dcache and &lt;br /&gt;BeStman, Several bugs have been fixed. Dmitry requested an official rpm &lt;br /&gt;release.&lt;/font&gt;
---++ Fifth agenda item

&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Interoperability testing. &lt;/font&gt;

---+++ Discussion

&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Ted said that he has made an rpm for the &lt;br /&gt;development version of dCache 1.9.2, which contains the XACML &lt;br /&gt;authorization module. The VDT install scripts for dCache have been &lt;br /&gt;modifed to accommodate the new gPlazma version.&lt;/font&gt;
---++ Sixth agenda item

&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Tickets. &lt;/font&gt;

---+++ Discussion

&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

&lt;font face=&quot;&#39;PrimaSans BT,Verdana,sans-serif&#39;&quot;&gt;Neha&#39;s report follows.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;New tickets &lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Follow up in progress:&lt;br /&gt;5849 - PNFS installation error&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Old tickets &lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Closed:&lt;br /&gt;5729 - How to restrict number of p2p transfers?&lt;br /&gt;5448 - gridftp door returning private ip address at Caltech&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Follow up in progress: &lt;br /&gt;5775 - lcg-cp timeout option not working&lt;br /&gt;5776 - Intermittent problems with large file transfers&lt;br /&gt;5777 - &#39;No write pools configured&#39; - &#39;java.sql.SQLException: found N &lt;br /&gt;records with&#39;&lt;br /&gt;5732 - &quot;Entry not in repository&quot; error blocking SRM transfers&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;No update:&lt;br /&gt;5542 - Directory creation unreliable using gridftp door&lt;br /&gt;5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server&lt;/font&gt;



---++ Created by:
 &lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt; -- Main.TanyaLevshina - 27 Oct 2008
