---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Apr30][April 30]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * Keith Chadwick
   * Brian Bockelman

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

John W.: 1. v0.34 testing
   a. Still finding conditions in the admin login that required resolution.
   a. Still need to package cron reports
   a. Still need to change configure_gratia for VDT or at least dentify changes needed
   a. Still need to identify/verify changes to VDT packaging instructions
   a. VDT mysql database is using a single tablespace for InnoDB tables.  Need to find where the my.cnf file is located and determine how to fix it.
   a. Finished the script (voms-servers.sh) that will create the voms-server file needed for the admin login when using the FQAN as the login criteria.
   a. Cleaned up the comments in the configure-service.properties file related to the admin login.  Also set the default configuration to ALLOW ALL.
   a. Still need to create an admin login documentation page to show in the left menu.
   a. Removed the gratia-security war/webapps service from the build as it is now a jar file included in the services needing it.  Changed the vomssecurrity target to be called just the security target as before.

Penelope/Jeff:  We still need to add a couple of stored procedures for the new reports and csv.

Philippe: Let&#39;s close the cvs repository by Thursday 12:00

John W: I expect to install the release on Monday.

---++DB and Schema issues

John W: The gratia-vm02 database has a problem with using a single tablespace 
for the InnoDB tables.     These need to be converted.  Have not gotten to this.  Briefly 
looked at scripts found
     here: http://www.saturn.in/gpl/mysql.html.  These do need some 
modification or we create our own.

John W:.Found the reason why we keep getting a new user defined in the 
mysql.user table as
    gratia@% with no password.  This causes one to fail on login 
attempts as user gratia as it
    collates up first when MySql is verifying logins.
   
    It is the  &quot;GRANT SELECT ON mysql.proc TO gratia;&quot; in the 
create_build-stored-procedures-sql
    script.  When doing this MySql automatically creates the user if it 
doesn&#39;t exist.

    Since this is needed only for local development we need to find an 
alternative way of doing this.
    Have not come close to resolving this.

---++OSG Issues

Brian: I made the RSV add indices to their schema, hence restoring very acceptable query performance.

Philippe: 20ish sites have not been reporting for one months and nothing seems to have been done to look into the problem?

Brian: This might have to wait until OSG 1.0 is released.

---++Collector

Chris:
   * Completed testing of FQAN / checksum upgrade. 
   * Cache manager changed from built-in (hashtable grows without bound) to EHCache. 
   * Connection pool manager is now C3PO (was not being properly activated before due to misspelled configuration options). 
   * Worked with Charles Bacon to install and configure a local collector from VDT -- minor clarifications needed to docs regarding metric probes and information. 
   * tomcat native library procedure implemented and tested on gratia-vm02

---++Report development

---++Probes

Chris:
   * Discussions with Greg Quinn and Jaime Frey on condor meter upgrades to cope with possible missing history files (no PER_JOB_HISTORY_DIR) and ways of retrieving data for WS jobs in the absence of a history file. 
   * Revised condor jobmanager patch to Alain to always produce GRAM stubs where possible and attach attribute to job ClassAd at submit time to identify the source of the job as GRAM. 
   * Condor probe improvements now ready for testing. 

---++WLCG

John W: APEL interface
   a. Had call with Karthik and Horst on 5/6 to bring him on board with the interface.  Pointed him to the doc and source code.  Will get back on this when we release 0.34
   a. Created some new queries/output for Brian to look at use.  They are here, with a prefix of         wlcg-org in name: http://home.fnal.gov/~weigand/apel-wlcg/ .  These are showing the         org_Tier1/2 APEL tables so that the pledge vs actual report can  show what comprises a         Tier 1/2 site in the event that is the reason for bad results.
   a. Investigated why the Purdue sites have stopped reporting.  Purdue_Lear is now becoming        Purdue_Steele.  They will be using a new probe name so that both will exist in Gratia and        in WLCG.  We still don&#39;t know the procedure for implementing this change in WLCG.        This type of thing makes it important for us to change the interface to function with        effectively dates for sites and normalization factors which will not be easy.

---++Test Bed

---++Backups.

Philippe:  We need to have a procedure for the storing of the incoming data for posteriti.

Keith: We need to request an enstore &#39;partition&#39;.

---++Operation Hand-over.

Steve: We ought to have a separate machine for ITB operation.  

John: We can migrate the VM out of gratia05 and use it for ITB.

Keith: Please we currently do not manpower to operate Gratia.

Steve: I am not at the lab in June.

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
