---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tuesday 10 Feb 2009
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Tuesday 10 Feb 2009&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting: Tue 24 Feb 2009&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Burt Holzman&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Nick Thackray&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Emanouil Atanassov + (Mariya)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Topics of Discussion
   * status of the CREAM CE in the interops testbed
      * CREAM CE in production repos doesn&#39;t have condor-g and ICE-enabled WMS busted.   
      * Put together &quot;vision plan&quot; in moving forward from LCG/gLite CEs to CREAM CEs.  Nick will send it to the list including list of criteria (performance, adequate monitoring, documentation, integrated with condor-g &amp; back-end batch systems, ...)  Nick will put together twiki page and send the link to the list.  
      * At the moment, at least a couple of months away from kicking off transition.

   * Status of testing through SAM
      * Currently Emanouil is using Nagios variant of SAM for doing interop testing.
      * Emanouil will send regular reports 

   * Status of OSG-&gt;EGEE interop testing
      * glideinWMS for it not deployed but now we might have a driver for it.

   * SCAS/glexec in interops testbed
      * Just starting to set these things up

   * We&#39;ve heard that Glue 2 is being agreed to and finalized but no more details than that.  &quot;Few weeks to few months&quot;.
      * Burt will get in touch with Laurence and let group know.

   * AOB: 
      * (from Steve) -- discussion on OS types (AI - Burt), see standardization of versions and etc.
      *  Burt: send list of transient ITB sites to list

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 24 Feb 2009
