---+!! OSG Executive team meeting, Feb 7th  4.30 pm
%TOC%

---++ Coordinates
   * 510 665 5437 ID 1111
   * Attending: Alain, Maxim, RobQ, Chander, Ruth, Miron
   * Apologies:  

---++ Agenda

   * Please check new meeting dates on the calendar: http://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86
   * Review OSG allocation proposal from Kent: 
      *  [[%ATTACHURL%/VOResourceFlowchart.pdf][OSG Allocation Flowchart]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/WBS_5_4_4_Draft2.doc][VO Allocation Document]]

  * [DO] understand issues with accounting NERSC resource usage. report in 3 weeks.[ Email sent]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/NERSC_accounting__Gratia,_action_item.txt][NERSC Accounting]]  
      * How to manage and track the allocation usage.
Need someone to do this. Ruth would ask Doug to do this and report to the OSG VO management - resources managers and Executive Team. 

   * How to move forward with replacing security effort due to Bob Cowles no longer being available.
      * DRAFT [[%ATTACHURL%/SecurityJobDescription.txt][SecurityJobDescription]]
First solicitation is to the OSG Organizational PIs. Prepared to consider responses where the organization would plan to hire in order to fill the responsibilities.Preference is to find someone already on board. But we do not preclude someone hiring and will take note of the what the other 50% would be. Add a desired start date: ASAP. make it clear that the Security Officer is a key person in the discussion; the request has come from the Security Officer to fill the gap. Chander will send the email on behalf of Miron and Ruth. 

   * Report from joint OSG-EGEE meeting


   * Report from joint OSG-TG meeting 
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-TG.txt][OSG-TG Notes]]

   * WLCG MB and GDB comments
Look at list of middleware needed for CCRC &#39;08 and see what OSG needs to deploy. Ian Bird/ Jamie Shiers needs to make the list or his designee and send it to the Executive Board. Involve US CMS and US ATLAS.&lt;br&gt;
From the GDB: &lt;br&gt;
EGEE ROC Managers agreed yesterday to make SAM-apel-publish a critical test &lt;br&gt;
For sites who do not publish for &gt;31days? For sites who do not publish for &gt;31 days &lt;br&gt;
   * Effective 1 March &lt;br&gt;
   * Will mainly catch long-term problems. Would like to alert other y g psites to problems more quickly &lt;br&gt;
   * If added to CE tests then availability of sites not publishing data will be affected.&lt;br&gt;
What warning and process does OSG need for such changes in Site Availability requirements?

---++ Action Items

[RP,CS]Need to better capture and track deliverable and milestones for LHC and other science stakeholders. ET to follow up with Lothar and Jim initially [propose meeting Feb 15th week]

[AR]VDT spreadsheet with more columns a la WBS. Date of request; Update date for request; If request dropped or not. Chander will help also.  Goal to have update to discuss at Feb blueprint meeting. [Feb 25th]

-- Main.RuthPordes - 05 Feb 2008


