---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Rob Q, Dan, Gabriele, Mine, Alain, Chander, Brian

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

---+++ Production - Dan Fraser
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Prod_CG_Update_20june2012.ppt][Production Update for 20june2012.ppt]] see pages 1-4
---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Prod_CG_Update_20june2012.ppt][Campus Grids Update for 20june2012.ppt]]  see pages 5-8
---+++ Operations - Rob Quick
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord_6_20_Ops_Quick.pptx][Operations]]
---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio
No issues for this meeting




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 18 Apr 2012


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Prod_CG_Update_20june2012.ppt][Prod_CG_Update_20june2012.ppt]]: Prod_CG_Update_20june2012.ppt

