---+ Operations Meeting June 19, 2006
Attendees: Dave Braun (Purdue), Wayne Betts (STAR), Eric (Iowa), Steve Peck (IU), David Skinner, Jorge, Karthick, Doug Olson, Steven Timm, Murali, Alain Roy, Burt Holzman, Kevin Colby

   * 12:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesJune5][previous meeting]]

---+++ Large OSG resource request for nanoHUB update (Steven Clark)

Condor_g issues resolved. Small jobs run at UNM (4hr job). 

What is the progress on nanoHub jobs running on sites other than Purdue? Who is helping and what are the next steps?  

*Jobs are running. There are authentication issues being worked on.*

What is the status of Vanderbilt? Paul Sheldon said they would accept the jobs, but they use PBS. Steven, you said you could engineer the scripts. How is this going? 

*Currently using PBS at UNM and still failing authentication at Vanderbilt. They may need to change their max runtime.*

*Followup from Vanderbilt:*

*1.  We need to create a local account for nanoHUB.  That&#39;s in process right now and will hopefully be complete by tomorrow (Tuesday 6/20) morning.*
*2.  nanoHUB must use RSL to specify the amount of CPU and wall time needed.  Vanderbilt uses PBS and their default is 15 minutes.*

---+++ GRASE upgrade to 0.4.1.

*Not in attendance. I will send a followup to request an update.*

---++ Hot Topics for the week

---+++ NWICG Support Center Registration (Kevin Colby)

*Reviewed and approved. Associated tickets closed.*

---+++  Review site policies (Doug)

[[http://vors.grid.iu.edu/site_policies.html][http://vors.grid.iu.edu/site_policies.html]]

The URL displayed should contain the information listed in the site policy template document, available here:
    [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=377][http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=377]]

*Doug Olson encouraged review of the policy template and compliance. Discussion and questions can be directed via email.*


---++ [[http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm][Tickets]]

*None reviewed. Burt has questions about the process of updating GGUS on their related tickets. Rob will need to update us on the status of the ticket exchange. The process works from GGUS to the GOC, but from the GOC to GGUS is not yet operational.*


---++ Other issues

*Tim Cartwright will be representing VDT for the next few weeks.*

---++ Agenda and Input to Joint OSG-EGEE Operations meeting

---+++ Support Center Attendance

| *Support Center* | *Attendee* |

|  Fermilab  |  Burt  |
|  USCMS  |  Steve Timm  |
|  LIGO  |  Murali Ramsunder  |
|  GROW  |  Eric  |
|  UCCI  |    |
|  PROD_SLAC  |    |
|  CSC  |    |
|  OSG-GOC  |  Tim, Kyle, John, Steve P.  |
|  fGOC  |  Jorge  |
|  VDT  |  Alain Roy  |
|  DOSAR  |   |
|  STAR  |  Wayne &amp; Doug  |
|  GADU   |    |
|  SDSS  |   |
|  DZero  |  |
|  TACC  |    |
|  Mariachi  |  |
|  nanoHUB  |    |
|  GRASE  |     |
|  NWICG  |  Kevin &amp; David  |


-- Main.TimSilvers - 12 Jun 2006

