---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Brian, Alain, Dan, Chander, Gabriele, Lothar

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items
   1. Technology staff is having to spend considerable effort on software projects (Brian on Gram5 and John on GUMS) and this is slowing down TI work; Alain is asked to work with Brian to see how software can take a greater role here and thus reduce the impact on TI.  (Probably no silver bullet but we need to work a path that will reduce the impact)
   2. The VM/Cloud work needs to be re-vitalized to produce demonstrable milestones; there may be some effort constraints here.  Brian and Chander are asked to review the matter in greater detail and propose solutions.

---+++ Technology Update - Brian Bockelman
   * See attached powerpoint file

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

Goal: discuss requests due in 4 weeks or past due

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 27 Jan 2012

