---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Thursday, Jan 14, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | Noon Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees
Maxim Potekhin, Chander Sehgal, Alain Roy, John McGee, Tanya Levshina, Igor Sfiligoi, Peter Doherty, David Ritchie, Ruth Pordes

---++ Agenda

   * 3.2 Communications &amp; Education – Dave Ritchie _(confirmed)_ 
   * 3.3  [[%ATTACHURL%/Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_14Jan2010.pdf][Project Management Update 14Jan 2010]] – Chander Sehgal _(confirmed)_
   * 1.0.1 Software Tools Group – Alain Roy, Mine Altunay _(confirmed)_
   * 1.0.2 Production Coordination – Dan Fraser _did not attend; no report_

---++ Software Tools Group Report
Happy New Year!  Bonne ann&amp;eacute;e! &amp;iexcl;Feliz a&amp;ntilde;o nuevo! Urte berri on! &amp;#26032;&amp;#24180;&amp;#24555;&amp;#20048; &amp;#1057; &amp;#1053;&amp;#1086;&amp;#1074;&amp;#1099;&amp;#1084; &amp;#1043;&amp;#1086;&amp;#1076;&amp;#1086;&amp;#1084;!

We last reported to the Area Coordinators Group on [[20091001ETAgendaMinutes][October 1, 2010]]


---++++ License for OSG-written software
In early October, we talked about the proposal to license OSG-written software under the Apache open-source license. The STG agreed with it. Alain hasn&#39;t yet brought it up with the Executive Board, but plans to do so soon. The GOC has since licensed MyOSG under the Apache License. 

---++++ Storage Discovery Tool
Ted Hesselroth has finished the initial version of the OSG Storage Discovery Tool. It&#39;s in the next VDT release, which is nearly finished with ITB testing, and we hope to have it out within a week. 

---++++ rsv-control
Marco turned over rsv-control to the VDT team after polishing it a bit. An initial version will be released with the next VDT update (currently in testing), but it has not been widely announced because we wish to do more polishing and testing first, and we hope to conclude that soon. 

---++++ OIM 
OIM met its year 3 goals. There is not significant development planned right now. It&#39;s stable and well-supported by the GOC. They&#39;ll fix bugs and consider feature requests. 

---++++ RSV transition
CMS requested that we move away from the new RSV distribution method in RSVv3, where RSV is always shipped from the GOC&#39;s source code repository. Instead we&#39;ll ship tarballs from the VDT cache. As part of implementing this change, we&#39;ve moved responsibility for the RSV source code repository as well as the configuration and client tools from the GOC to the VDT. 

This transition is in progress. The next release of the OSG Software Stack (currently finishing testing in the ITB) now distributes RSV as a tarball from the VDT cache. The source code repository has moved to the VDT. The VDT team is currently developing a process to encourage and facilitate probe development by third-parties. We already have such people (such as Anand, who maintains the probes related to security), but the process is not well-defined, nor is it well-defined how it interacts with the RSV release process. This definition is in progress and expected to be complete soon: within a week, we&#39;ll release a draft for community comment.

---++++ Gratia
Some new development for Gratia is needed, but effort is short. We&#39;ll have a meeting about it on [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20100126][January 26th, 2010]]. That&#39;s a bit farther out than we&#39;d like to have it, but Brian Bockelman needs to participate and he&#39;s on vacation/travel for two weeks. We have two goals: understand the development that needs to happen, and figure out where we&#39;ll get the effort. 

-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 04 Jan 2010


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Year_4_WBS_Log_A.xlsx][OSG_Year_4_WBS_Log_A.xlsx]]: Communications Area Report

