OSG Executive Team Meeting, March 15th, 2007

%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Paul, Chander, Kent, Ruth, Doug, Alain, Mike, Rob, Miron

Apologies: Frank, Torre, Rob

----+++ Pending Action Items and Priorities

   * D0 effective throughput.
   * Science milestones preparation
   * Effort needs

---+++ Resource Managers 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/viewfile/Management/20070315ETAgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=OSGyr1-upcoming-WBS-031407.xls][Near term]] or [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/viewfile/Management/20070315ETAgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=OSGyr1-late-WBS-031407.xls][missed WBS Items]].  
   * Change requests. Signoff - see [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/viewfile/Management/20070315ETAgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=OSG_WBS_Change_Request_%23030207_v2.doc][attached file]]

Chander recommends that he collects the requests, make sure they are well formed and then submit to the ET meeting for review and consensus.  We agreed to the proposed changes and to change the form to accommodate the new process.  

   * Personnel items:

---+++ VDT Priorities and Decisions 
   * VDT List  [[%ATTACHURL%/VDTGoalsForOSG0.8-v2.xls][VDTList]]

---+++ Criteria for adding private company to OSG Consortium
   * Discussion of framework

---+++ Grid Schools report
good feedback on use of things like DAQMAN.



---+++ AOB

-- Main.RuthPordes - 14 Mar 2007

