---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tuesday 16 Dec 2008
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Tuesday 16 Dec 2008 &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Chair: Burt Holzmann&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting: Jan 06, 2008&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Burt Holzmann&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Anthony Tiradani&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Emanouil Atanassov&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Steve Traylen&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Review of Action Items

---++ Topics of Discussion
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; PPS-&gt;ITB testing reports
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Maria Durchuva will run reports against the Interop sites and send the results to the list for us to take action.&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Steve asked about the GlueHostProcessor model
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;In OSG the information is entered free form by the site administrators&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;OSG will follow the EGEE&#39;s lead in updating documentation for administrators&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;OSG will provide documentation and ask administrators to update their information&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;CREAM CE status
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Condorg interface
                &lt;ul&gt;
                    &lt;li&gt;Development plan:
                        &lt;ul&gt;
                            &lt;li&gt;phase I proof of principle&lt;/li&gt;
                            &lt;li&gt;phase II scale up integration&lt;/li&gt;
                            &lt;li&gt;phase III follow CREAM CE as it goes from PPS to prod&lt;/li&gt;
                        &lt;/ul&gt;
                    &lt;li&gt;Currently in phase I - trying to get the ability to submit jobs&lt;/li&gt;
                    &lt;li&gt;Phase I is &quot;done&quot;, CREAM CE is undergoing architecture changes&lt;/li&gt;
                    &lt;li&gt;[[http://hepuser.ucsd.edu/twiki2/bin/view/HEPProjects/CMS-Cream][CMS-CREAM status update page]]&lt;/li&gt;
                &lt;/ul&gt;
            &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;ITB
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;new cycle will kick off soon&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;OSG will work to better maintain the persistent ITB sites&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;New GIP release has changes to be current with the &quot;Installed Capacity&quot; working group.
&lt;/ul&gt;

Last edit: %SEARCH{&quot;.*&quot; nosearch=&quot;on&quot; regex=&quot;on&quot; scope=&quot;title&quot; nototal=&quot;no&quot; topic=&quot;%TOPIC%&quot; format=&quot;$wikiusername on $date&quot;}%
