---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Jeff Dost
   * Alex Sim
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Guests
   * Ian Stokes-Rees
   * Patrick !McGuigan

---++ Status Report
Alex:&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
 - OSG RPM buildfest
    support on bestman2 RPM
 - support on US-ATLAS SWT2 for user proxy and connection issue
 - Follow up on storage manager options for SBGrid
 - Follow up with EMI SRM and S2 test plan
&lt;/pre&gt;
Doug:&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
- OSG Software Team build fest 
- RPM transition: Pegasus RPM finished.  Globus GRAM job managers: managed fork + condor NFSlite in progress.
- Preparing for OSG Site Administrator&#39;s meeting
&lt;/pre&gt;
Jeff:&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
Hadoop 0.20 Documentation
- completed most major revisions for Release Document.  Neha gave more feedback and I replied.

upgrade procedure 0.19-&gt;0.20
- all fixes are complete
- still need to update document

Todo:
- push Doug&#39;s bestman2 2.1.0 to the hadoop repo and test **
- update gratia probe docs
- update Hadoop Understanding doc
- update upgrade doc
- prepare for T3 workshop
&lt;/pre&gt;
Neha:&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
- OSG Software Team build fest - learned about rpm build/install/test process. 
Generated edg-mkgridmap and vo-client-edgmkgridmap rpms. Tested that things work.
- Released VDT-dCache 3.0.8 with dcache-server 1.9.5-27 for ITB testing
- Testing the dcache gratia transfer and storage probe rpms on gwdca cluster. 
Install on gwdca06 seems to be having problem. Now able to install them on cloudvm. 
Functionality testing remains to be done
- Reviewed Hadoop release document changes made by Jeff. 
Incorporated some of missing changes in document and notified Jeff of remaining ones 
I believe should be fixed before we release the document

&lt;/pre&gt;
Tanya:&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
OSG Software Team build fest - voms, voms-admin packaging and testing
BeStMan 2.0.14 testing
wn-client, osg-client rpms testing (uberftp, srm clients, discovery tools, fts-client)
meeting with Eduardo Bach - storage for UNESP
&lt;/pre&gt;

---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Storage/data management &amp; SBGrid requirements (Ian Stokes-Rees)
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Some of the requirements:
   1. Ian: %GREEN%Data ACL : requirements are very different then for HEP community. Data owner should be able to control the access to his/her data on remote location. %ENDCOLOR% In the current setting it is almost impossible to achieve these requirements in OSG environment. A user doesn&#39;t have control over the mapping at the site. It is possible that all VO members could be mapped to the same user. VO should use group/role authorization and negotiate with site the reasonable mapping. It seems that SVOPME tools [[http://cd-docdb.fnal.gov/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=2985][A Scalable Virtual Organization Privileges Management Environment]] could be very useful for VO/Site negotiation. If SE is completely under control of a VO, the desirable results may be achieved by using [[https://svnweb.cern.ch/trac/lcgdm/wiki/Dpm][DPM]]. Alex is in the process of releasing !BeStMan2-gateway that will be able to preserve permission set in sudo when creating a directory. It could be sufficient. 
   1.  Ian:%GREEN% &quot;a bigger question I should have asked right off: what about Castor or !dCache?  I&#39;ve just heard news that the main data collection facility we are developing this for is going to be collecting 100s of GB per day, around the clock, with (I believe) a 3-6 month retention policy for *all* data, and then a per-group quota system for persisted storage (which will surely start pushing into the 100s of TB -- already at about 90 TB).  Is this the kind of scale where Castor or dCache should be considered, or is !BeStMan still suitable?&quot; %ENDCOLOR%.Based on these requirements !BeStMan2/DFS is a suitable solution. dCache can be used as well if the facility can allocate sufficient efforts for maintenance and support. We don&#39;t have any expertise in CASTOR.
   1. Ian: %GREEN%I know the next thing we&#39;re going to have to think about are all the normal issues in HEP data mgmt: meta data, file catalogs, replica mgmt.  What is the best way to get educated on what is available for adoption by non-HEP groups, in terms of software, architectures, and policies? %ENDCOLOR%.
   * ATLAS and CMS Tier-1 Sites are using [[http://egee-jra1-dm.web.cern.ch/egee-jra1-dm/FTS/][FTS]]. It requires ORACLE. It  looks like some redesign efforts are underway at CERN.
   * Most of CMS Tier-2 and Tier-3 site are using [[https://cmsweb.cern.ch/phedex][Phedex]] that handles replication and data management. It is highly customized for CMS needs.
   * [[http://alien2.cern.ch/ ][Alien]] used by Alice for catalog and job management. It is open source but we didn&#39;t have any experience with that. We don&#39;t know if it is used outside of Alice.
   *  [[https://www.irods.org][iRods]] - Highly customizable rule-based  data management service. Key features: rule engine that applies policies and rules to automate admin tasks; Metadata Catalog (iCat) that stores state information and descriptive metadata in a database; allows to create federation of multiple iRODS Data Grids. We have done some evaluation of the iRODs last year and it looks like there is some interest to continue with this work. It is unclear if it is possible to integrate iRODs  efficiently with existing SRM end points.
 
---++ Second agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
!BeStMan and user&#39;s certificate signed by CA with email attribute
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
A user is failing to retrieve data from the SE that are running BeStMan:
   * https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=10705
   * https://ggus.eu/ws/ticket_info.php?ticket=72775
   * https://rt.racf.bnl.gov/rt/Ticket/Display.html?id=20459

Patrick&#39;s description of the possible solution for the problem:
&quot;There are several users listed in my GUMS server whose DN&#39;s contain an email attribute.I don&#39;t think we can assume that the email attribute will vanish from Subject DN&#39;s in a reasonable time frame within the grid communities. If !Bestman continues to represent the email attribute as &quot;E=&quot; then a number of additional changes are needed in various services:
   1. Grid CA&#39;s need to follow Junmin&#39;s suggestion of altering the signing-policy files to allow for the mapping of the E= representation of the Subject DN.
   1. I see two issues here:
       a. VOMS registrars need to add additional entries in the user list when the user&#39;s DN contains the email attribute so that an entry exists where the representation is&quot;E=...&quot; This will allow the GUMS server to match the identity passed from Bestman.
       b. The GUMS server needs to be modified to either be loose in the matching of the email attribute (i.e. E= is the same as Email= is the same as emailAddress=), or disregard the email attribute (assuming the user is in Voms without an email attribute)
If 2a is followed I suspect that there is not a problem with the gridmapfile making script, but if 2b is followed, the script will need to generate additional entries in the mapfile when encountering a user registered with an email attribute in the DN.&quot;

We should check bouncycastle version !BeStMan is using, VOMRS/VOMS-admin are capable to register user with Email attribute as &quot;Email=&quot;. They are all using bouncycastle  libraries. 
---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Hadoop 2.0 release
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
!BeStMan2 from vdt rpms should be back ported to osg-hadoop repository before Tier-3 workshop.

To-do list update:
   a. fix all the issues with upgrade procedure (Jeff) %GREEN%done%ENDCOLOR%
   a. review/incorporate suggested changes in documentation (Jeff) %BLUE%in progress%ENDCOLOR%
   a. finish all remaining issues with gratia probes (Jeff) %RED%waiting for Brian response%ENDCOLOR%. Neha tested both probes and looks like they are working fine. Documentation for the storage pobe is missing.
   a. review of remaining docs  %RED%not started%ENDCOLOR%
   a. mark all outdated documents as &quot;deprecated&quot; (Jeff)  %RED%not started%ENDCOLOR%

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets


++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

Follow up in progress

10693 - Resource specific issue on Firefly_SE

54 - OSG Storage: Bestman:  Permission preservation during the new directory creation

55 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Benefits of BeStMan over vanilla GridFTP

56 - OSG Storage: How to find GridFTP servers at NCSA, UChicago, or FNAL and what VOs they support

57 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Issue with a specific user proxy

++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++

Closed

52 - OSG Storage: Hadoop: Bug in hadoop-firstboot init script

53 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Server crashing 

No Update

42 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Help with documentation and troubleshooting

---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 29 Jul 2011
