---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction
The first Quarterly Meeting took place on February 25, 2013.
---++Attending
   * Lothar Bauerdick 
   * Brian  Bockelman
   * Tim Cartwright 
   * Keith Chadwick 
   * Stuart Fuess 
   * Gabriele Garzoglio
   * John Hover
   * Burt Holzman 
   * John Hover
   * Ruth Pordes 
   * Chander Sehgal
   * David Swanson 
   * Steven Timm 
   * Derek Weitzel
   * Tanya Levshina
---++Agenda
---++ Gratia Status
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakeholdersMeetingSummary2013Feb/Gratia_Report.pdf][Status Report]] - Tanya Levshina
---+++ Discussion
---++++ Gratia as a accounting service for Fermilab 
This was one of  the recommendations of the review. We will need additional efforts for outreach/support if we really want to expand Gratia usage at Fermilab.
Stu is attending the initial stakeholders meetings for FIFE (REX dep). He is planning to discuss Gratia usage as accounting service for this experiment . 
---++++OSG/WLCG accounting reports
Tanya has raised concern about the OSG/WLCG reporting service migration from CMS to  GOC. Currently John Weigand is not only the developer and maintainer of the code. He is running the service, opens tickets, and on many occasions is helping to resolve them. We have agreed several months ago that these efforts should be moved to GOC.
Chander has confirmed that this issue is on his todo list and he would talk to Rob Quick after the OSG All-Hands meeting. Lothar emphasized  that GOC should take over the service support and maintenance , as well as communication with APEL team  but GOC team should  not do development. Burt acknowledged that CMS still would have some development efforts allocated for this. 
---++++Campus Grid
Chander has expressed his concerns about data we are receiving from !CampusGrid probes. It is very hard to interpret  !GratiaWeb plots related to Campus Grid. He suggested that Tanya should contact  Campus Grid team and get accounting requirements from them.  
---++++Storage Accounting
Tanya asked if she should be involved in discussion of  Storage Accounting record formats defined by OGF working group. It is important to understand  if HEP VOs are planning to send storage resource utilization to WLCG. Lothar &amp; Burt have confirmed that there  are no plans to report storage usage to WLCG  for the time being. There is no immediate need to participate in OGF meetings or to modify the existing probes. 
---++++Cloud Computing
Keith has agreed with a list of tasks for Could Computing accounting presented by Tanya. Cpu usage accounting is the top priority. The ability to send information to APEL may be beneficial.
---++++ !GratiaWeb
!GratiaWeb has a lot of issues. The developer is leaving. The documentation is very limited. Brian is  aware of that but currently OSG can allocate only  0.1 FTE for the development and support. It will take time for new developer to come up to speed.
It seems that 0.1 FTE is not enough for the project under active development. OSG should be aware of that. We have retired BIRT reporting so !GratiaWeb is the only mean to access gratia.
---++++Testing
OSG Software Team has a testing framework and we should include gratia into this framework. Tim said that it would still be very limited set of tests. Brian said that Gratia Team should resurrect &quot;Nightly Built and Testing&quot;. The probe developers should also provide sanity/regression tests for each probe.
---++++Future work
Tanya has asked about the status of Nebraska request to report/collect memory utilization? Brian said that they are still planning to do the development when they could find efforts. 
Chander has asked about plans for core gratia development. We have two immediate  tasks: testing gratia with !OpenJDK7 and new Hibernate version.
Brian cautioned that the switch to a new Hibernate version could be pretty complicated. C. Green has documented the problems and solution  for the upgrade to the current release.
Chander was also interested if there was any progress with condor/gratia integration discussion. Tanya said that she was not a part of the discussion so far and the team efforts are too limited to be actively involved. 

---++ New Action items
   1. Gratia Team Lead:
      * meet with Chander/Rob Quick to discuss OSG/WLCG reporting transition
      * initiate discussion with Campus Grid to understand their requirements 
      * talk to Tim to better understand OSG Test framework 
      * figure out potential problems with Hibernate release
      * discuss with Keith &amp; Steve reports requested by Steve Wolbers
   1. OSG:
      * Chander will organize meeting with Rob Quick
      * Tim will check the results of PBS/SGE probe and bdii-status probe testing
      * Brian/Chander should be aware of !GratiaWeb lack of efforts and abundance of issues. 
   1. CD: Stu will let us know if FIFE wants to consider Gratia for accounting

-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 23 Jan 2013

