---+!!  OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tue 27 Nov 2007
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Date: Tue 27 Nov 2007&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Chair: Burt Holzmann&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;CERN: Antonio Retico, Nicholas Thackray, Andreas Unterkircher&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;FNAL: Burt holzmann&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Interop Platform: Emanouil Atanassov, Anthony Tiradani&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;CMS: Andrea Sciaba&#39; &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Review of Action Items
Comments from the review of tasks

    * ID:xxx - 

---++ EGEE Items
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Web - Antonio has set up a web space at &lt;a href=&quot;https://www.cern.ch/grid-interop/egee-osg/default.aspx&quot;&gt;https://www.cern.ch/grid-interop/egee-osg/default.aspx&lt;/a&gt;. Use your NICE account to login and see his e-mail of 26 Nov for details - Proposed content:
        &lt;ul&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Announcements from CIC (Antonio)&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Current layout of interop platform (Emanouil)&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;gLite client distribution (Andreas)&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Current layout of OSG &quot;permanent&quot; ITB (Tony)&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Information flow diagram (Tony/Burt)&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Past agreements of group (on shared environment, etc.) (Burt)&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Link to Registration of a VO in OSG&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;Link to SAM tests&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;gLite client&lt;br&gt;
      Andreas has successfully installed gLite on CMS-BURT-ITB. He will try running some executables next. Tony will send the list of &quot;permanent&quot; ITB sites to the mailing list to give Andreas some more data points
    &lt;/li&gt;

---++ OSG Items
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
Open questions - Are there plans in gLite to support submission to GT4 (WS-GRAM) in addition to GT2 (pre-WS GRAM)? [note: after the meeting an e-mail from Andrea Sciaba indicated the answer is currently no]
    &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Platform
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;CE VO - Antun and Emanouil are discussing the path forward -- whether to register the existing VO in OSG or to create a new VO which runs a subset of applications.&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;OPS VO - Emanouil was concerned that his dual membership in dteam and ops would cause him to get mismapped; this would be an operational issue for OSG and we should solve it. Antonio has not seen any problems. - Tony and Burt have applied for membership some time ago but have not yet been approved. Antonio will follow up with the OPS VO manager. &lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ AOB

---+++ Appendix
Documents sent for discussion&lt;br&gt;
&lt;pre&gt;
-----Original Message-----

From: owner-osg-egee-interop@opensciencegrid.org [mailto:owner-osg-egee-interop@opensciencegrid.org] On Behalf Of Antonio Retico
Sent: Tuesday, November 27, 2007 2:38 PM
To: osg-egee-interop@fnal.gov
Cc: Burt Holzman

Hi,

I would like to raise a point for discussion:

-- Interop collaboration web site

As I announced during last meeting, I&#39;ve spent some time setting-up a web site
to be used as an information share point for our collaboration.
https://www.cern.ch/grid-interop/egee-osg/default.aspx

Without caring too much for aspects like look/feel/political correctness of
logos etc., I&#39;ve tried and give a structure to all the useful information I
could find in the archives of the e-mail list. With some exceptions.

The website, based on the Microsoft SharePoint application, cointans some
(very few) descriptive pages, a task list, a calendar (the meetings I could
remember as significant are in), a worklog.

I inserted on behalf of Burt a (draft) document in the OSG collection
describing the minimal environment guaranteed to jobs running at OSG sites
(Just becauase I retrieved it)

The web page dedicated to the interop* platform is actually a complete child
web site with exactly the same structure. I have deliberatley avoided a
strong customisation, because I would let Emanouil set it up as he prefers.
Of course I have got some suggestions ready and I am happy to share them
with him.

All the current members of this mailing list have been inserted in the ACL
as &quot;Power Users&quot;, meaning that they can create new entries in the lists on
the web site (tasks, calendar items, action items in the worklog),
create/destroy pages and eventually alter the structure of the site
Maybe that once the structure will reach its final shape, the extension of
this privilege can be reviewed.

I suggest to try and use the website as a working and communication tool,
paying not excessive attention to the display, but taking real care of its
content.

I have deliberately left the task list empty and I hope we will be able to
start inserting tasks for everyone during the meeting. Its periodical review
could be a permanent item in the agenda for our bi-weekly meetings. 
If I can start a draft list for discussion I&#39;d say

1) Find a way to feeds the &quot;announcements&quot; list in the web page with news
coming from CIC Portal and addressed to OSG --&gt; Antonio

2) Describe the current layout of the interop platform --&gt; Emanouil

3) Design a page to show the client distribution mechanisms --&gt; Andreas

4) ... (welcome)

Thanks for your feedback and contributions

Ciao

Antonio
&lt;/pre&gt;

Last edit: %SEARCH{&quot;.*&quot; nosearch=&quot;on&quot; regex=&quot;on&quot; scope=&quot;title&quot; nototal=&quot;no&quot; topic=&quot;%TOPIC%&quot; format=&quot;$wikiusername on $date&quot;}%
