---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2007Nov28][November 28]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * John Urish.
   * Diana Bonham.

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

&lt;!--

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

Diana: Igor wants a review of the schema: will probably take place tomorrow.

John &amp; Chris: make sure you have the latest ERD.

Chris: I&#39;m working on a document describing the case for !InnoDB: still incomplete draft.

Diana: we at least partially discussed backup solutions.

Chris: yes, I still favor RAID followed by replication and mysqldump as last-ditch. Will need to test replication and especially recovery of corrupted master. Should be do-able with either a VM or a second instance on gratia07.

Diana: I may have some time to look into this soon.

---++Collector

Chris: I corrected a problem in the history cleanup to remove =history= and =old= directories using an older dating convention.

---++Report development

Penelope reported on her latest test area; known bugs are believed to be fixed.

Chris: one remaining problem with &quot;show query&quot; on a page generated from &quot;report URL&quot; specifically from a drilled-through report.

Penelope: I will investigate.

Penelope: also cleaned up some libraries in common/lib.

John W: possible to narrow-down CLASSPATH?

Penelope: I will take a look.

Jeff: Starting to get into process-accounting report upgrades for Birt 2.2. I have a meeting scheduled with Eileen and have emails into Keith C. and Steve T.

Chris: SPECInt2000 is apparently deprecated: no new processors have SPECInt2000 numbers since 2005.

John W: Anything to replace it?

[ long discussion of benchmarking practicalities ]

Chris: try http://www.spec.org/cpu2006/results/

John W: need to find old and new processors in there.

Chris: fixed a problem with the old-style ps-accounting reporting reported by Keith which turned out to be a typo in a .rptdesign file.

Chris: also fixed a problem with summary table generation for ps-accounting. Believed to be due to an inefficient cursor creating a temporary table which blew =/tmp=. Replaced with a cursor which does the necessary grouping, requiring only one insert per summary table row. One possible enhancement might be to do the whole table insert in one suitably-grouped select. It does bring up however, the whole idea of when summary tables should be generated and/or updated, and what to do about information that may evolve, like CPUInfo values for a farm -- regenerating old table information would at the moment use newer CPUInfo data for each node and give a possibly misleading history. May want to consider putting validity information into CPUInfor to address this problem.

---++Probes

Chris: fixed a problem with large backlogs being slow to recover due to inefficient backup filename choice mechanism. Changed to mktemp(1) (not mktemp(3) which suffers from a race condition) instead of cycling through the numbers (in extreme cases can lead to &gt;5000 stat operations before a new record is processed).

---++Storage Probe

Chris: I have been working on packaging the dCache billing and storage probes. Should be ready to test soon. Will talk to Ted and Neha to find a suitable test arena.

---++Test Bed

John U. is finished with SC07 and is hoping to get involved in the test bed in a meaningful way. Has had discussions with John W.

---++Metrics

---++Any Other Business

---+++GRAM auditing

John: I have auditing activated for non-WS jobs; WS-logging is problematic right now and the instructions are deficient.

Chris: I looked at the test system, and it looks fine to within a possible ambiguity if the local job ID gets reset. Should be possible to resolve ambiguities with a fuzzy timestamp comparison between the Gratia accounting information for a job and the GRAM auditing equivalent.

Chris: three reasons to want GRAM auditing:
   1. To know unequivocally what is a GRID job and what is not.
   1. To ascertain the DN for all LRMS types.
   1. To ascertain the FQAN for all LRMS types.

---++To be discussed later:


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 05 Dec 2007
