---+!! OSG Executive team meeting, November 15th  4.30 pm
%TOC%

---++ Coordinates
   * 510 665 5437 ID 1111
   * Attending: Kent, Alain, Doug, Rob Q, Rob G, Anne, Chander
   * Apologies: Ruth

---++ Communications report (Anne)
   * Changing the layout of the OSG homepage, looking at a mock-up next week.  Will send out for comments next week.
   * Organizing the tiwki - been in touch with various of area twiki coordinators to reorganize individual pages.
   * Twiki - leftbars - need agreement on &quot;common links&quot; that would go on all pages.
   * Waiting on reviews of the layout and content of the doc hub. 
   * Re-organized the mail lists.
   * CMS provided article for iSGTW.
   * Twiki version - about a year old - may update over the Christmas holiday with the new instance.

---++  Contents of WN client
   * Production OSG 0.8.0 cache, http://software.grid.iu.edu/pacman/
   * http://software.grid.iu.edu/pacman/wn-client.pacman
   * Discuss began from concern about srm client opening ports on worker nodes, and security concerns expressed by Miron.
   * Decided we didn&#39;t have a useful quorum to discuss the topic.

---++ Action items from the Council meeting (Chander)
From council meeting of November 13, 2007.  (Second Tuesday of each month)
   1 Have security officer work with metrics team and others to work with site on what information should be collected, who would have access, etc.  Context was a report from Mine on barring procedure and approval of CA authorities.  Privacy issues.  Metrics committee: Ruth, Richard Mount, Warren Anderson, Vicky White, David Skinner.
      * Security officer nor any members of the committee present. Question from ET was who own the action item and what are their next steps. Needs to be verified.
   1 Rob Q will send the council members a short survey regarding how data are kept by Gratia accounting services - how long we should retain, what should be summarized, when does it get discarded.  Individual job records to summary data.  Estimate 1.5 TB/year for live data.
   1 Call for volunteers to help for planning for All-hands, to help John !Trash.ManagementMcGee.  Need a couple more people to serve on the program committee. Contact John !Trash.ManagementMcGee.  

---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.RuthPordes - 14 Nov 2007
