---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Abhishek Rana 
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Alex Sim -  on vacation
   * Brian Bockelman - on vacation


---+++ Guests
   * Horst Severini 

---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

D0 problems in  Purdue-RCAC, MWT2_IU_SE 

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Joel Snow has opened two tickets related to job failures in Purdue(https://oim.grid.iu.edu/gocticket/viewer?id=6244)  and MWT2_IU (https://oim.grid.iu.edu/gocticket/viewer?id=6256) sites. 

We have not been notified neither by Joel nor by GOC team about any problem. Abhishek sent an email  to Tanya &amp; Ted about these tickets. Ted will contact GOC team to clarify storage tickets assignment. He will also investigate the tickets. It looks like problem in Purdue may be solved already. The status of  MWT2_IU problem is not clear. 


---++ Second Agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Release of operation toolkit

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Abhishek reported that release of new version is scheduled for mid February. It will include some bug fixes and some new tools. One of tools  collects and reports via email  current dcache status &amp; statistic information. This tool was used successfully at UCSD at some point. 

---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Gratia probes release
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Bugs have been found and fixed in the latest release of dcache transfer probe. Chris has built source rpms. Tanya will build a new version of rpms, and published it on VDT dcache web page, so sys admin could just upgrade these rpms on thier dcache installation.

It looks like gratia gridftp probe is ready to be re-tested (more problems was found this week). If the tests succeed Chris will build a new rpm and ask Alain to include it in vdt.

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Horst Severini  report on BeStman-gateway installation/tests
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Horst has installed BeStMan-gateway on top of Ibrix and in general is pleased with performance and functionality. There are several issues with configuration:

   *  localPathListAllowed option doesn&#39;t work - still allows to write  in different area. Alex has confirmed that this is a bug and will try to fix it in next release
   *  It will be helpfull if  &quot;localPathAllowed&quot; option is added to vdt configure-bestman script  for BeStman-gateway. Horst thinks that would be good in terms of security, too, to only allow srm access to an area you explicitly allow, and forbid everything else.
   * lbnl-srm-client should be able to read the following parameters from user&#39;s environment:
          GLOBUS_TCP_PORT_RANGE= 

          GLOBUS_TCP_SOURCE_RANGE=

          X509_CERT_DIR=

          GSI_DAEMON_TRUSTED_CA_DIR=
  

  * Horst also asked us to pass the following request to VDT:
&quot;I was requesting that these two VDT packages, wn-client and vdt-client, should be looked at to see if we can improve the configuration of these above env vars a little better during (pacman) installation, since currently they don&#39;t seem to be configured at all, which I believe causes problems with the srm tools to work behind firewalls and on compute nodes which don&#39;t have /etc/grid-security/certificates accessible -- which I believe is the case in most clusters&quot;

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
dcache 1.9.2 status
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

dcache 1.9.2-1 has been released. Tanya has built a new vdt package and installed a new version on one node. She has started some preliminary testing. It looks like new pnfs rpm should be also included in this new release (dcache team has not released this rpm yet).  There are numerous code changes/new features in this release so a lot of testing will be required before we can release it to vdt.
 
---++ Fifth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets 
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

++++++++++++++++++++++++ New tickets ++++++++++++++++++++++++

6124 Harvard - status in RSV is incorrect. Problem was with NAT, resolved through RSV group. Can close.


++++++++++++++++++++++++ Old tickets ++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

6232 Kentucky - problem mounting pnfs. User added gridftpdoor IP to pnfs 
setup, and mount succeeded.

6233 Purdue - cannot make space reservations. User had not set up 
LinkGroupAuthorization file. When entry was added, space reservation 
succeeded.

6137 Vanderbilt - status in RSV is incorrect. Resolved through RSV group.

Follow up in progress:

5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server. 
Suggestion has been made to developers for globus setting which will 
allow these certificates.

6091 - failure when trying to transfer data from dcache to bestman based 
SE. Files did eventually transfer, but will leave open for investigation.

No update:

5957 - dCap stalls on read operations. Patch still needs to be reviewed.

6090 - how to remove tag from directory and 

---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 22 Jan 2009
