---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---++ Attendees
Rob G., Rob Q., Mine, Shawn, Brian, Gabriele, Chander

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Suggestions for new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]

---++ Shawn !McKee - Networking 
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-Nov13-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-Nov13-Networking.pdf]]: OSG AC report for Networking

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. OSG modular dashboard: beta service is up , but there are still concerns about functionality and coverage for the new production version.
   2. perfSONAR-PS toolkit: v3.3.1 released in September. Can start push to deploy at all OSG sites.
   3. Documentation: network tools and troubleshooting. Minimal feedback on them yet.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Effort available for the modular dashboard is limited (Tom Wlodek + minimal effort elsewhere).  Several limitations are known and need to be resolved before production deployment in OSG.
   2. Breadth of perfSONAR deployment: limited to WLCG sites in OSG now. Until the dashboard is in production, motivating sites will be hard.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Successful perfSONAR meeting with ESNet, I2, and PerfSONAR: I2 committed 1.5 FTE for the next 3 years (from 0.1 FTE), although with constraints. Discussing whether the dashboard should be part of PS.
   2. Tests of perfSONAR v3.3.1 exposed issues that are being addressed in v3.3.2 (expected in Nov).


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 09 Oct 2013

