---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Sep10][September 10th]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * Keith Chadwick

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++v0.38 Release Status.

Chris: I discovered a couple of issues in the last throw of testing.  Those are corrected and v0.38.2 should be finished installing today.

---++v1.00 Release Status

Philippe: Currently in negotiation with OSG to revise either the dateline or the content.   One proposal is to drop everything but documentation.

---++DB and Schema issues

Diana:
  - Sometimes in the Fall, Svetlana would take over the DBA Gratia responsibilities.
  - Backup and restore worked as expected.  
  - Restore takes about as long as the Database optimization.
  - We are ready to install zrm v2 on the production system.

Keith:
  - Dan will install it.

Diana: I will send him mail asking.

---++OSG Issues

Brian: GridMonitorJob wall duration being counted twice should not be a large factor.

Brian: After v1.0, OSG plan to push people in installing the transfer probes.

---++WLCG

John: What about SI2006?  

Brian: I need to contact John Gordon.

Brian: We ought to simply update the SI2K and replace them with the SI6K

John: Didn&#39;t John Gordon say it no longer needed to receive normalized data but was going to use GIP
Brian: Yes except that ATLAS is not using GIP (consistently) (and might never)

---++Services

RAS.

---++Reports

Jeff: I am gone to work on budget.
Jeff: no news from the Birt support contract.
Jeff: No near term solution for proper implementation of the running total in BIRT.

---++Test Bed

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
