-- Main.RuthPordes - 27 May 2005

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Management meeting, May 27, 2005. 

   * MeetingMinutes

---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #6740

---++Attending

Razvan, Doug, Paul, Kent, Alan, Rob Quick, Ruth, Rob Gardner

---++Agenda

   *Provisioning - issues on Migration and readiness for Operations; are there changes needed in the scope and/or model? any issues with completing the needed documentation?
   *Operations - how are we doing testing the model? are there changes needed?
   *Integration - any issues for presenting ITB 0.1.6 as ready for deployment?
   *MIS - review of the minutes from this week
   *Storage - review of the minutes from this week
   *Applications - running on the ITB and preparing to run on the OSG? Issues for next weeks OSG Application meeting?
   *Items for the Council meeting on Tuesday.

---+++Reports from Technical Groups and Activities
   * Operations - Rob Quick, taking list from Doug Olson. 
      * &lt;a href=&quot;http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/GridCat&quot;&gt;GridCAT&lt;/a&gt;, Monalisa, Ticket system are up. Purdue is showing on OSG Trash/Trash/Integration.GridCat. 
      * US CMS support center model is being worked. In the limited scale we are working things at the moment the model is working ok. working on automatic exchange of tickets between Footprints and Remedy. This covers the initial creation; follow up will happen in one system or the other. The final resolution is also recorded in Footprints.
      * Problem tracking, routing and management are in place and being exercised for first OSG participants.
      * Registration forms are up. These have been exercised and changes are being made in response to reports.
      * Operations phone meetings are now both on 1pm Monday and a  short term OSG specific 1.30 pm Wednesday meeting
      * Security and operations mail lists are set up and being used.
      * Momma, ACDC, Rommel and is installed and ready to be registered.RTTracker is the ticketing system used at the University of Buffalo. If a ticket came to iGOC this will be forwarded to RTtracker and vice versa. This will be discussed further in the Support Centers and operations meetings.

   * Integration 
      * ITB 0.1.6 is set up with VDT 1.3.6. ~6 sites have installed. Many issues of documentation - how to evolve it between the releases.
      * &lt;a href=&quot;http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/GridEx&quot;&gt;GridEx&lt;/a&gt; discussion. Some validation done. 
      * 64-bit issues with VDT and Perl coming up on AMD platforms. Is a real problem for VDT. Working on a workaround but will take a couple of weeks.
      * SRM-DRM. Interest in testing but no effort available to do it.
      * GIP and configuration scripts - need documentation. What happens after installation and need to edit the GIP configuration scripts. needs a person.
   what is the level of validation for readiness? US ATLAS testing GUMS installation. No plans for a large scale validation. When can this be a Management Candidate? 
      * How does site administrator communicate intent to ITB for need to report to catalog. Would show up as a &quot;grey&quot; dot. Default will be off. Change needed to gridcat and in installation document. 
      * MIS tests, Application tests, &quot;flood test&quot;, GT4 Trash/Trash/Integration.GridFTP, documentation.

   * MIG. Validating. Discovery Service - is this being used? Accounting will be presented at the application meeting next week. 

   * Storage. Want to start a discussion of use cases. Looking for people to attend and give these. Craig Prescott for US CMS? Razvan is a good connection between the LCG and OSG discussions. Don P perhaps needs to be there too. Paul will talk to Don and Jon about attending the next meeting. What is the future of DRM/SRM - will it be supported? Need a small validation script and this is what one does to install it. 

Applications:
  * LIGO - nothing to report. Need to get LIGO application on OSG.

---++Issues

   * 

---++ Action Items

   * Make a list of test suites and their response to take a release as a Management Candidate.
   * Trash/Trash/Integration.GridEx as a separate activity and fleshing out the expectations and roles for the next month before comes back to the Trash/Trash/Integration and Management activity. Hybrid between a monitor and an application. Need to clarify this. What VO?
   * Grase will test it on Momma ITB site. Someone needs to revisit the readiness plan. This activity will not be on the Trash/Trash/Integration Testbed Agenda until Mark has a report. Service providers must learn the integration process.



&lt;!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your &#39;signature&#39; (beneath this editing box) !--&gt;

*Major updates*:%BR%
&lt;!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!--&gt;
-- Main.Ruth - 27 May 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%
