---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Tony, Brian, Suchandra, Steve Timm

---++ Past Issues
   * PBS whitelist/blacklist queue documentation: need to get this well-documented and into release documentation.  Tony is continuing to do this.
   * Operations should include Tony&#39;s validation pages (currently http://home.fnal.gov/~tiradani/).   Burt will talk to Rob Q.

---++ Current Issues
   * Output from the GIP validator at http://gip-validate.grid.iu.edu/itb: two sites reporting invalid GIP data, probably not updated?  Tony will investigate.

---++ Bug fixes in 1.0 branch
   * Output OSG Version as a &lt;nop&gt;GlueHostApplicationSofwateRunTimeEnvironment attribute [2035]
   * Fix permissions of generated dcache_storage.conf, ownership of gip.conf [2014]
   * Fix for parsing mutiple entries in COLLECTOR_HOST for Condor batch [2024] -- this needs to be revised by Burt
   * Fix for gip.conf not being used (environment variables not expanded properly) [2035], still being tested
   * Fix to override SE reverse DNS with the SE Host variable in testing, not yet committed.

Once [2035] and the reverse DNS patch are thoroughly tested, Burt will cut a new release and send it off to the VDT.

---++ Q &amp; A
   * Steve Timm asked about integrating multiple sources (CEs and SE) into a single site.  Tony is aggressively pursuing this and will keep Steve Timm in the loop.
  
---++ OSG 1.2
   * Burt has the wishlists and will integrate them with the VDT wishlist and discuss with Abhishek to probe stakeholders.
   * Brian wanted confirmation that we&#39;re on the right path -- the goal is to go completely dynamic and no longer require configure_gip invocation.  I said in general yes.
   * Suchandra asked us to consider reducing the amount of information we request from admins if possible.  Concrete examples:
      * SE: why ask for gsiftp 1.0 vs 2.0 when no one is running gsiftp2?
      * SAPath/Root: this needs to be simplified.

---++ Next Meeting
Wednesday Jul 16 10 AM CDT
