<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> CouncilActionItems &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/CouncilActionItems?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit CouncilActionItems" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TWISTYPLUGIN_TWISTY--><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.css");
</style>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js'></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiPref.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// <![CDATA[
var styleText = '<style type="text/css" media="all">.twikiMakeVisible{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleInline{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleBlock{display:block;}.twikiMakeHidden{display:none;}</style>';
document.write(styleText);
// ]]>
</script>

<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>

<!--TABLEPLUGIN_twikiAttachmentsTable--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:top;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {background-color:#eceef2;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#e0e3e9;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#ffffff;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#f2f3f6;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol0 {text-align:center;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol1 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol2 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol3 {text-align:right;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol4 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol5 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol6 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol7 {text-align:center;}
</style></head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="OSG_Council_Action_Items"></a> OSG Council Action Items </h1>
<p />
<p />
<p />
Action Items result from Council meetings. The person who has accepted to follow up is identified. 
While some items have already been completed, in the future before closing an item we will: identify which Council meeting resulted in completion, drop, or reassignement of the action items; and include one sentence and/or a pointer to further information explaining what was done in pursuit of the action item.
<p />
All Action items below 141 are  complete or dropped.
<p />
Open Items are noted with a <font color="#0000ff"> Blue number </font>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="March_2015_Council_Action_Items"></a> March 2015  Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
152.  Pay attention to "Sound Bites" that communicate the scale and reach of OSG to outside agencies/projects - Rob G, Bo, Clemmie <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> OSG 1 page produced for Supercomputing 2015. Will also be available at the 2016 AHM
</li></ul> 
<p />
151.  Report back to Council on explanation for daily variations/swings in OSG-XD usage as displayed on the XDMOD daily plots - Bo, Mats <strong>Complete</strong>  <ul>
<li> Work with XSEDE on SU definitions and obtaining accurate reports in XD-MOD.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
150. Subgroup to discuss with Jim Bottum and Barr Von Oehsen relationship opportunities and strategies between ACI-REF and OSG. (XSEDE – proposal by end of June; ACI-REF – 6-9 months, OSG – 18 months) <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Present status/results of the work at each Quarterly Council meeting   - David Swanson (Chair), Frank, Rob Gardner, Mark Neubauer
</li> <li> Reported in June at <a href="https://indico.fnal.gov/getFile.py/access?contribId=10&amp;resId=0&amp;materialId=slides&amp;confId=10055" target="_top">https://indico.fnal.gov/getFile.py/access?contribId=10&amp;resId=0&amp;materialId=slides&amp;confId=10055</a>. Agreed this closes the item and no further reports are needed.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> 149. </font> Present to Council 1 page document on "Enabling Campus Resource Sharing and use of remote OSG resources in 15 minutes - Rob Gardner, Frank
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> 148. </font> Report back to the Council when an understanding of the constraints of Glow submissions to OSG (10K jobs in parallel?) are  understood – Bo
<p />
147.Present a report at each Council meeting of list of individuals using OSG outside of  ATLAS/CMS. -  Tanya Levshina <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Reported in June 2015 and Gratia reports now routinely produced.
</li></ul> 
<p />
146.  End to end test of using GPU resources through OSG. - Rob Quick, Brian Bockelman *Complete *  <ul>
<li> Accomplished as part of the LIGO support work
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="October_2014_Council_Action_Item"></a> October 2014  Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
145. Report on experience with using GPU for SBGrid - Brian, Piotr <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Report from Mick Timony at the Marc Council meeting. SBGrid updating their software. Will be some time before results. Council and project are interested in them. <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nlWDr7sg764PP-TsFFSAGyou7HdMKCXqXLFgMBy397M/edit?usp=sharing" target="_top">https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nlWDr7sg764PP-TsFFSAGyou7HdMKCXqXLFgMBy397M/edit?usp=sharing</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
144.  Organize a report on summer school metrics and possible model changes for summer school at the Mar AHM Council meeting - Lothar. <strong>Dropped</strong>
<p />
143. Present XDMOD summaries at each Council meeting - Ruth <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
142. User Support/ACI-REF engagement - cover case for when univ already has a condor pool. Chander to talk to Lauren. (Chander)  <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Emilie has given training to ACI REF.
</li></ul> 
<p />
141.Answer  what is demand limited and what is limited by availability of resources - Bo. <strong>Complete</strong>  <ul>
<li> In general things are always demand limited. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<hr>
<strong>All Action items below 141 are  complete, dropped or closed</strong>
<p />
<hr>
<p />
<p />
140. Restablish some VO Forum for all opportunistic VOs who come to the table. Include understanding of how to include project information. <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="April_2014_Council_Action_Items"></a> April 2014  Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
139.  Council and project to  investigate possible synergies and collaborative activities between OSG and ACI REF. 
Can find a mutual community  to work with OSG-Connect? - Miron, Chander, Lothar <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Chander to follow up before Oct Council meeting and report back there. 
</li> <li> Chander and Miron reported at Oct Council meeting 
</li> <li> will have regular reports as for OSG-XD given the importance seen in this partnership.
</li></ul> 
<p />
138.  Document the conditions to select OSG-Connect or OSG-Direct for a new community?  - Chander <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> User Support plans to think about this over the next year. 
</li> <li> Brochure on the options when a new user/campus/resource comes to the table
</li> <li> front door moved to Campus Infrastructure and the instructions for OSGConnect.
</li></ul> 
<p />
137. Also think about community allocations, gateways how we want to advise on this <strong>Dropped</strong>
<p />
136. Request project to identify the scalability limits for the various OSG services in preparation for LHC Run2 (X2 in computing/data throughput needed) -  Lothar/Technology Area <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Stakeholder Request 66 being followed up by the Technology Area Coordinator
</li> <li> To be reported at Jan Council meeting
</li></ul> 
<p />
135.Request project list the software components and prioritize the needs – Lothar/Technology Area <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Stakeholder Request 67 being followed up by the Technology Area Coordinator
</li> <li> to be reported at Jan Council meeting
</li></ul> 
<p />
134. What are concrete actions Consortium stakeholders would ask OSG to take on wrt clouds, cloud federations. - Ruth <strong>Dropped in favor of the project defining directions</strong>
<p />
133.  Estimate the impact of supporting the Intensity Frontier experiments at a production level of service. - Chander, Ruth <strong>Complete</strong>
<font color="#ff6600">   <ul>
<li> Identify the work needed to make IF a full partner in OSG
</li> <li> IF accepted by DOE as a stakeholder for OSG with contributions from Fermilab and modicum of effort from the project. This is reflected in the Year 3 SOWs.
</li></ul> 
</font>
132. Phone meeting between ESNET council member, Technical Director, Perfsonar lead, Michael Ernst (ESNET liaison), and IU contact to discuss OSG involvement in ESNET governance/planning. – Amber (On behalf of the Council) <strong>Complete</strong>
 <font color="#ff6600">   <ul>
<li>  Phone meeting held. 3 options of engagement: Full partnership requires contributions of 1.5 FTE to the perfsonar partnership; specific projects can be joint; OSG can participate in regular requirements gathering meetings. 
</li> <li> Greg Bell to present these options to Council meeting in Oct
</li> <li> Michael and Miron to bring these to the attention of the ET.
</li></ul> 
</font>
<p />
 131. Plan for next CIC - at a US CMS tier-3 site in the summer? Where /when might the next CIC be. - Rob G - <font color="#ff6600"> will be at Notre Dame. This workshop did not happen due to lack of effort and rediection to CMSConnect and Software Carpentry workshop in Jan. </font> <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
130.  Request information from the project to plan a date by when the decision on the next renewal of theX509 Certificate CAs  is planned. Who will lead this project? - Lothar <strong>Complete</strong>
<font color="#ff6600"> <ul>
<li> Integrated into year 3-5 workplan with activities proceeding well. 
</li></ul> 
</font>
<p />
129. Council to help with focus meeting on request for access to Cloud interface provisioned resources - Ruth <strong>Dropped</strong>
<p />
128. Will organize venue for report from <span class="twikiNewLink">AtlasConnect<a href="/bin/edit/Council/AtlasConnect?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="AtlasConnect (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> to give OSG information on what they have learned, difficulties in using other XD resources - Michael, Rob G, <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Planned for Oct Council meeting. 
</li> <li> Rob G will organize broader discussion across US ATLAS, US CMS (UCSD), Technology Area and SDSC resources. 
</li> <li> Activity progressing driven by US LHC and with OSG engagement.
</li> <li> Reported at Oct Council meeting
</li></ul> 
<p />
127.  Expect user focus meeting with 2 communities with different pilot implementations. - Lothar <strong>Dropped</strong>
<p />
126. Clarify the operations model between <span class="twikiNewLink">GlideinWMS<a href="/bin/edit/Council/GlideinWMS?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="GlideinWMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and the OSG. - Lothar
   <strong>Complete</strong>
<font color="#ff6600"> <ul>
<li> Recorded in the Year 3 SOWs.
</li></ul> 
</font>
<p />
125.  Discuss with regional resource providers what they need for ammunition for discussion with the sponsors in incentivizing their contributions. Write down a paragraph of what investment buys one. - Ruth <strong>Complete</strong> 
<font color="#ff6600"> <ul>
<li> Initial issue raised by David Swanson has gone away. Rob G asked about  the issue for new sites/campuses. Possibility of "named campus liaisons/connections" passed to Rob.
</li></ul> 
</font>
<p />
124.Would like any plot of opportunistic also be accompanied by the list of sites who are contributing. Council to have this information. And have a picture of where the cycles are coming from.  - Chander <strong>Complete</strong>
<font color="#ff6600"> <ul>
<li> Part of XD report. 
</li></ul> 
</font>
123.  Request report back from Miron as leader of the outreach on how we are being viewed and what is happening at the NSF- Miron <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Reported at Oct Council meeting. Will make a regular feature.
</li></ul> 
<p />
122.  Have a blueprint and/or a focus meeting on data delivery in conjunction with jobs - Lothar <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Trash/Trash/Blueprint process re-energized by Miron. Plan report at March Council meeting
</li></ul> 
<p />
121. Feedback on AHM 2014: need more time for discussion; more carefully schedule the detailed security and technical presentations; decide on focus topics for the meeting fairly early on and ensure the program committee is paying attention. Request reports from the focus groups at the next AHM. - Lothar  - input to AHM 2014 <strong>complete</strong>
<p />
120. Record "type" of each Council member on the web site - Ruth - Done on Twiki <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
119.  Recommend project have some focus on "brain research applications". - Lothar <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Usage by Pittsburgh Brain Trauma research is first such activity recorded.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="January_2014_Council_Action_Item"></a> January 2014  Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
118.   List Campus users each quarter - Ruth, Rob G - part of weekly reports from osg accounting  <strong>Complete</strong> 
<p />
 117. List new sites and new VOs each quarter - Ruth - will receive this from Operations <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
116.  reach out to Investigators that use the OSG through each of the institutions and see if they are prepared to help mentor. Provide them with a list of applications already running on OSG - Council members
<p />
 115. Understand who is contributing cycles and why. This can lead to how to get more access and where the funding came from. Can look for others that fit that profile. Are there other profiles that we have not been chasing to get more people on board - Ruth, Chander - being handled by new Production Analyst <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
114.  Quantify and report on opportunistic usage by site and owner  for the next Council meeting. - part of the osg accounting reports <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="October_2013_Council_Action_Item"></a> October  2013 Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
113. Request from BNL for OSG to help VOs make allocation requests to XSEDE. Council Chair to discuss with ET. <strong>Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Request withdrawn
</li></ul> 
<p />
112.   Expect interim report from Trash/Trash/Blueprint and planning process for REsource Provisioning at Jan Council meeting, Jerome and Von will be part of the team, as contributors from the Consortium,  in particular the cloud provisioning aspect. - Report from ED accepted <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
<p />
111.  Council Chair to organize revision of the Sustainability of OSG document to reflect feedback, input, concerns. Perhaps rename to " Extending the Business Model". Talk about "Condo and Hotel models"? <strong>Transitioned to new Executive Director</strong>
<p />
<p />
110.   Follow up to include offer of XSIM/Von help support in process for new VOs and RPs. Council Chair to work on this with ET <strong>COMPLETE</strong> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/16a0CYKbwtNf5XPTO7jBQt3fdN39ihlJxSAVFAWZZ-bI/edit?pli=1" target="_top">Draft plan</a>
</li> <li> Test driving with VO outside of OSG. Available for comment in OSG in a month or two for public consumption.  Mine has seen the plan but no deep discussion to date. Draft 2 pager will get to her. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
109.  Council to discuss "expectations of entry" as resource constraints continue to increase. <strong>COMPLETE</strong> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/CouncilActionItems/OSG_VO_Registration_Workflow.docx" target="_top">OSG_VO_Registration_Workflow.docx</a>
</li> <li> Change agreed to move forward to Implementation.
</li></ul> 
<p />
 108.  Follow up with potential Industry Partners action items. This is a Council action item and not something the Project can take on. See Council Chairs presentation at the Council meeting. In particular for NVIDIA will help to have  a stakeholder engaged (<span class="twikiNewLink">ICeCube<a href="/bin/edit/Council/ICeCube?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="ICeCube (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>? enmr?) Ruth will work with Jerome on attendance at the DOE SBIR meeting. She will also follow up with DOE Program managers. - no opportunities to date <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
<p />
107.   ESNET Action items, Greg to write letter of proposed collaboration items to the ET. Council Chair requests project leadership - User Support, Campus - meet with the Science Trash/Engagement Team and report back at January Council meeting <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
106.    Chander, Brian, Rob Q, Bill B and Jarek N, will discuss impact, needs, initial resource allocation for the Blast application through the Galaxy portal and give an interim report back at the Jan Council meeting. - successful Blast runs from IU being used as a template for ND and this can be closed  <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="June_2013_Council_Action_Items"></a> June  2013 Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
105.     Request to Executive Director to identify contact lead for coordinating work to enable jobs that use the Galaxy portal to run effectively on OSG. GLOW, CSIU and ND have users and the former two have done some technical work. <font color="#ff6600">Chander(User Support) and Brian Bockelman ( Technology Area) are identified. </font>*COMPLETE*
<p />
104.   ESNET round table items to be revisited at the next Council meeting. <font color="#ff6600"> ED/Council Chair/ET/ESNET Council member phone meeting held in Sept. Report at the Oct Council meeting, New action items identified above .</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="March_2013_Council_Face_to_Face"></a> March  2013 Council Face to Face Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
Updates as a result of meeting between Council Chair, Executive Director, Project Manager on 4/16/2013
<p />
103. Organize a framework to generate/accept collaboration, solicitations and proposals. Rob G found success on this topic with a series of meetings and workshops in the past.<font color="#ff6600">  Ruth.</font> Further discussion discussed how this is already happening, especially in response to solicitations that get posted and the information circulated. Unless a volunteer takes this on Ruth do not have bandwidth to do more than is happening today. No volunteer to date so item <strong>CLOSED</strong>
<p />
 102.  Organized quarterly instead of monthly meetings.  Ruth.<font color="#ff6600"> First quarterly meeting is scheduled for June. Will have quarterly meetings for a year and then revisit. Revisited at 2014 AHM and decided to keep to quarterly schedule </font> <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
101.     "In response to the Council Sub-commttee report and recommendations on OSG's Relationship with Industry" the Executive Director will prepare a one page write-up with a proposed process,  timeline and plan to develop the policies for OSG to provision commercial cloud resources for the benefit of the Consortium.  ED update at the June Council meeting said there is no timeline for the 1 page. <font color="#ff6600">  ED reported at Oct Council meeting. Jerome, Von volunteered to contribute to follow up activities .</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
100.  Subcommittee to report on subclassifications of organizations to the consortium (such as to distinguish in OIM PKI-only VOs from VOs that consume other services). <font color="#ff6600"> Ruth, Rob Quick. </font> _Will be added to OIM on June 25th, we are currently doing the leg work to populate existing VO data- RQ.  <ul>
<li> Talk to Rob Gardner about Campus Grid classifications - which ones use OSG services, OSG Connect etc
</li> <li> Jerome asks for the topic to be revisited for the fall face to face
</li></ul> 
<font color="#ff6600">  Work done between the Gratia project and user support, reported at the Oct Council meeting.</font> 
<strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
 99.       A response is needed from the project concerning accounting based on this meeting and elsewhere. Determine whether accounting in reports meets everyone's needs. For example, VO acronyms are not useful to the uninitiated within the NSF, department directors, etc. Find effort for accounting. Currently there is virtually none. We have to show which funding office or director we service. -- <font color="#ff6600"> Lothar, Ruth *Propose regular contacts that spans the external development projects and operational groups in OSG: Gratia, UNL, Operations to develop list, prioritiy and plan and implement to the needs.
  Work done between the Gratia project and user support, reported at the Oct Council meeting.</font>  <ul>
<li> 2 quarterly Gratia stakeholder meetings held to date. Helping with prioritizing, organizing more detailed requirements etc.
</li> <li> 6 month OSG effort working on improving maintainability of the code for the future as part of the Gratia project. 
</li></ul> 
<strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
= 98. =    Tell the VOs and users that they are expected to provide citations when the OSG is referenced. Follow up with council members on this -  Ruth.  <strong>Follow up to come. *Complete</strong> <ul>
<li> Plan to work on this before the next annual report is due. Chander is asking for more help from Council and Consortium repreesentatives on the annual report and he and I will discuss this later this summer. 
</li> <li> As we moved away from VOMS registration to submit nodes with a separate connection identity. Don’t expose people to an AUP and they don’t even see our request. Add it to the workflow when users see the system? Push notifications when get a job back.
</li> <li> Can we make it One citation not two?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
97.    discuss (offline) whether OSG is a specifically USA institution, in contrast to defining OSG as an international entity. This question emerged regarding the goal of cultivating connections to Latin America and Asia. - <font color="#ff6600"> Council Chair and Executive Director. </font> <strong>It has long been stated that <b>"OSG is a US National entity that partners and collaborates with many organizations, including International,</b> *COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="February_2013_Council_Teleconfer"></a> February  2013 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
<p />
 96.ND application for Council representation: Jarek is unable to attend the Council face-to-face meetings- Council to review ND application on Tuesday evening (March 12) during a 1 hour phone conference. -<font color="#ff6600">ND accepted as a member of the OSG Council</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
95.    OSG-XSEDE usage: Add to March face-to-face Council meeting agenda- discuss separating technical from policy - how to form policy questions, advocacy, look for more contributors etc. Solved technical by User Support by having separate queues with priorities for execution by the Glidein system <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="January_2013_Council_Teleconfere"></a> January 2013 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
94.  Proposal to continue discussion regarding Globus online with individual members of Council and add as agenda item for Feb. or March. <font color="#ff6600">Discussion held. no further interest expressed. </font> <strong>DROPPED</strong>
<p />
 93.   Check “if a VO is using a file that is NOT a root file, will it work with AAA?” in response to a question from Gabriele. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ken Bloom</font> Answer is Yes. <strong>Complete</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="December_2012_Council_Teleconfer"></a> December 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
92.   Follow up with DZero contact Brad Abbott and talk to Piotr offline regarding EGI Community Forum workshop submissions. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth</font>  WENMR and SBGrid submitted a joint paper to EGI. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
 91. Provide a report of BOSCO downloads – this will be posted periodically under “Standing Items of the OSG Project”. <font color="#ff6600">BOSCO project in hiatus/closed per ED report at Oct Council meeting </font>  <strong>CLOSED</strong>
<p />
 90.    Discuss BES Community at Face to Face Council meeting and provide specific report from someone from community. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Michael Ernst, TBD</font> In discussion it is determined that we should postpone this to await the outcomes of the current round of BES community discussions and plans in other forums. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
89. Supply agenda for the March Council Face-to-Face meeting. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Council Chair</font> <a href="https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/March-14-2013" target="_top">https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/March-14-2013</a> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="November_2012_Council_Teleconfer"></a> November 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
88.  Follow up on user support lead for SURAgrid for Guy Almes and Steve Johnson. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Chander</font>  <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/CouncilActionItems/SuraGrid_Action_Item.pdf" target="_top"> Email exchange</a>. Result is that for the moment SURAgrid sites are unable to accept the trust and security models presented by the use of glideinWMS. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
87. Send email to Council requesting acceptance of <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/SC-SUST#Subcommittee_to_Discussion_long" target="_top"> Charter for OSG Sustainability After Five Years subcommittee</a>. An email vote was conducted. The charter was passed with 11 Yes (of which 2 had comments which were followed up on) and there were null "no"-votes; there are 2 unfilled positions. The OSG Charter says  1/5 of the membership of the Council constitutes a quorum<font color="#ff6600">Action item for Kimberly</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
86.   Report from attendees on CIC meeting at next Council Meeting.Action item for Council. Report from Rob Gardner at Dec Council meeting <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
85. Revisit Campus Grids as a topic for next Council Meeting. (Dan Fraser can take questions)Action item for Council. Derek Weitzel available at Dec Council meeting for discussion. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="October_2012_Council_Teleconfere"></a> October 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
84. Council members to supply suggestions regarding the Proposed Charter for Subcommittee On OSG and Industry by October 19th: <a href="https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/SC-IND" target="_top">https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/SC-IND</a>.
 Council Chair to send out a poll for the Council to vote on whether to accept the revised Proposed Charter for Second Subcommittee by October 24th. Action item for Ruth. An email vote was conducted. The <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/SC-IND" target="_top">charge for this sub-committee</a> was passed with 8 Yes (of which 2 had comments which the sub-committee will follow up on) and 8 no-votes; there are 2 unfilled positions. The OSG Charter says  1/5 of the membership of the Council constitutes a quorum.  <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
83.  Executive Director to report on OSG opportunistic use at November 13th Council meeting. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Lothar</font> 
SBgrid was not getting as much work done as expected and a suspicion was that GLOW didn’t provide as many resources as expected. Chander monitored SBgrid front end on a daily basis for 4 weeks. Jobs were queuing up, peaks approaching 2K cores, no long tails on batch jobs waiting for work- From OSG point of view, no identifiable problem with SBgrid. Suggest investigating if this could be a local problem. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="September_2012_Council_Teleconfe"></a> September 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
82.   Investigate the bottlenecks <span class="twikiNewLink">GlueX<a href="/bin/edit/Council/GlueX?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="GlueX (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> researchers experienced at level of 2,000. <font color="#ff6600"> Action item for Chander </font> Feedback from Glue-X: production has paused temporarily as we test a new revision of the simulation software. I expect to get back into production before the end of the calendar year, at which point I will be able to give feedback." Glue-x Currently starting new production run <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
81.   Motion to accept Subcommittee #1’s charge this month or next (Bill Barnet, Horst Severini, Bob Clare and Paul Avery seconded this motion <font color="#ff6600"> Action item for Council</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
80.   Post information regarding the stakeholder request system 1 week (Oct. 2) before the next teleconference. <font color="#ff6600"> Action item for Lothar</font>  *COMPLETE"
<p />
79.   Satellite report rotation will be put on a separate Twiki page. <font color="#ff6600"> Action item for Ruth</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
78.   Motion to post <span class="twikiNewLink">PowerPoint<a href="/bin/edit/Council/PowerPoint?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="PowerPoint (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> presentation of Executive Director report 1 week before the teleconference. <font color="#ff6600"> Action item for Lothar</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
77.   Review action items, list topics that need to be picked up again later, collect into a larger, actionable item instead of many smaller items. Suggest adding input dates for revisiting and summarizing action items. <font color="#ff6600"> Action item for Lothar to consolidate and summarize; Von to consolidate and summarize PKI action items</font> 
   <strong>Report posted to <span class="twikiNewLink">DocDB<a href="/bin/edit/Council/DocDB?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="DocDB (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> *COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="August_2012_Council_Face_to_Face"></a> August 2012 Council Face-to-Face Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
<strong>PKI Transition project</strong> 
<p />
<i> Action items 76-69 being handled by the PKI project and discussions with the Executive Director. Von and I will work to close the completed ones over the next week.
<p />
The motions are being followed up and the OSG Council will receive a report under Old Business in October </i> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
76.   Identify order of magnitude for total effort for specific response to compromise of <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Council/DigiCert?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>? plan- Chander request. <font color="#ff6600"> Action item for Von</font> 
<p />
75.   Is this team aware of any other enterprise that has actually implemented contingency steps in worst case event — have Europeans done this? -Chander question <No contingency plan at CERN -Bob Clare response &lt;font color="#ff6600">Action item for Von</font> 
<p />
74.   Recommendation for Council to accept Mine's analysis and planning, but would like to understand the impact/ preparations to guide the project. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Von</font> 
<p />
73.   Want better estimate regarding cost, ongoing maintenance contingency plans- Von request <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Von</font> 
<p />
72.   Mine to analyze what’s most expensive after an incident vs. before and analyze this now as part of contingency planning/ recovery planning but put down effort on further risk assessment….have her concentrate more on training for transition etc.- Von suggestion <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Von</font> 
<p />
71.   Provide further assurance/ details for LHC community regarding CA contingency plans -Michael Ernst. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth</font> 
<p />
70.   Find out how long does it take to get each user a new certificate for CERN CA? <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Michael Ernst</font> 
<p />
69.   Include in diagrams/ communication piece the plan for worst case scenario. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Von and Mine</font> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> MOTION to request members of management board/ executive team to have OSG Security team to present WLCG request in event of CA compromise or loss that non- International Grid Trust Federation (IGTF) CA would be accepted. (Ruth proposed) 
</li></ul> 
<p />
* MOTION  to present a plan and reason (Von suggestion) for temporary variance to existing policy versus high cost, time consuming mitigation to set up IGTF service to sit in a box -Greg Bell
<p />
<strong>OSG Satellites</strong> 
<p />
<i> 68-66  The Council Chair will post a rotation for Satellite reports before the October Council meeting </i> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
68.  Is the Council interested in having DASPOS within envelope of the consortium? (multi-disciplinary, international, covers VOs in OSG, NEES interested in, data &amp; software preservation…) <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth/Kimberly</font> 
<p />
67.   DASPOS discussion result of presentation- Vicky asked for clarification regarding coordination.  <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth/Kimberly</font>
<p />
66.   To the extent common tools can be developed (DASPOS) is this something that OSG should be interested in? As stakeholders in OSG, is this something we should pursue? -Bob Clare  <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth/Kimberly</font>
<p />
65.  Campus Bridging/Champions topic: What else should we do within OSG for those trying to do both use XSEDE and OSG? How do they want to work with XSEDE Campus organizations ? When send work to XSEDE and when opportunistic?  <font color="#ff6600">Superceded by CIC activity</font> <strong>DROPPED</strong>
<p />
64.   Send Ruth copy of proposal in document repository for LARK.<font color="#ff6600">Action item for Brian Bockelman</font> Document posted <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
63.   Council would like to hear quarterly or half yearly (at face to face?) updates on LARK -Ruth, Greg, Michael Ernst, Tom Hacker.  <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth/Kimberly</font> Satellite rotation posted <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
62.   Is the Council interested in receiving information about this satellite and on what kind of schedule, do they want to have further influence, input, involvement in workshops as OSG initiated initiative..? ---RESULT-Council considers this a type 3 satellite, would like a quick status report from time to time.  <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth/Kimberly</font>Satellite rotation posted <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<strong>Council Representation</strong>
<p />
<p />
61. Misalignment/ gap between OSG mission &amp; project goals <font color="#ff6600">Mission re-presented to AHM. No further comment </font>
<strong>CLOSED</strong>
<p />
60. How do we construct a body (the council) that has constructive influence on the project? <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth</font>
<p />
<p />
59. Remove SAG (Science Advisory Group) - Yes, no objections. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth</font>
<p /> <ul>
<li> MOTION: to take roles of science advisory group and add this responsibility to the OSG Council and thank Scientific Advisory Group for their past contribution. <ul>
<li> Passed. (Yes, objections) 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
58.  Ask Joshua Frieman, Spokesperson for DES collaboration, to become council member. Action item for Ruth as Council chair. Spoke to Josh Freeman spokesperson of DES about the OSG structure. He will be talking with experiment members, NSF and DOE. The plan is to come back for a possible meeting around the time of the All Hands Meeting. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<strong>Council Meeting Organization</strong> 
<p />
<p />
57.echnology investigation has role to play in Council meetings. Good to include it as an agenda item-Michael Ernst <font color="#ff6600">Proposal for Council face to face in summer to be blueprint oriented</font> <strong>DROPPED</strong>
<p />
<i> Will be included on regular rotation  in Officer Reports in future Council meetings </i>
<p />
56.    Trash/Trash/Integration into campuses is a key goal- piece of agenda should focus on one of the key initiatives the project has asserted is important- Chander <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth as Council chair</font> Reported at Nov Council meeting <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<p />
55.   Request to tweak agenda so it follows more of a board analogy-Von <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth as Council chair</font>
<i> Started with September meeting. Input/comments welcome </i> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
54. Council discuss where we have done well or not so well on software. <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth as Council chair</font>
<i> No action to date , reorganization of software area underway within the OSG Project </i> <strong>DROPPED</strong>
<p />
53.   Request to follow rules of order-Tom Hacker <font color="#ff6600">Action item for Ruth as Council chair</font> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<i> Adopted for this and subsequent meetings  </i>
<p />
<strong>Action Items for Executive Director</strong> 
<p />
52.   Stakeholder request capture <font color="#ff6600">Action Item for Lothar</font>
<p />
<p />
51. Ask Executive team to get a statement regarding Globus Online -Steve Tuecke <font color="#ff6600">Presentation made; discussion held, No interested in further statement</font> Scheduled for January 2013. <strong>CLOSED</strong>
<p />
<p />
50.  Work with NEEs (Letter of collaboration created)- and expand community of earthquake engineering researchers who can use <span class="twikiNewLink">OpenSees<a href="/bin/edit/Council/OpenSees?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="OpenSees (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>? and other computational simulation tools through NEEShub- Purpose to get signature from key person at NEES- through steering council of NEEs. Make <span class="twikiNewLink">OpenSEEs<a href="/bin/edit/Council/OpenSEEs?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="OpenSEEs (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>? an OSG application? Need Eva, Frank <span class="twikiNewLink">McKenna<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McKenna?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="McKenna (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>? for future -not having done in the past. <font color="#ff6600">Action Item for Lothar</font> Being handled by user support. <strong>TRANSITIONED</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> MOTION: Grandfather in or make a presentation and vote. OSG funded to do this-Miron <ul>
<li> NO OBJECTIONS to grandfathering in without presentation. 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
49.  Provide quarterly technical briefing with Amber and Michael, as the OSG representatives, with the BES Facilities activities. Project Manager (Chander) to organize to make sure happens. Action Item for Lothar. Report at the December Council meeting. <strong>TRANSITIONED</strong>
<p />
48.   TOPIC for continued discussion: Have a model for success- how to deploy Galaxy in a high throughput environment -are we archiving these examples? <font color="#ff6600">Action Item for Lothar</font> Being handled by the Campus Infrastructure Community activity. <strong>TRANSITIONED</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> MOTION to request Council to receive analysis for options/ path for impact for each option and potential for saving OSG money in the future. Request of Executive Director to provide the Council with analysis of options to move forward with need for current level of PKI certs within OSG and cost of pursing each path (cost and risk) within 2 months .Chander will inform Lothar of what impact is.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<strong>OSG Communications</strong>
<p />
<p />
47.   Engage a broader set of communications people- partners and members of OSG consortium- make sure this happens from OSG side of Communications and engage i.e. ESNET Communications <font color="#ff6600">Action Item for Ruth</font> 
<p />
<i> OSG Communications have made these contacts and will be following up.</i> <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="June_2012_Council_Teleconference"></a> June 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
46.Describe the Vlab use case (“using our technology for their own benefit”) – it could be of benefit in multiple situations. (?). Followed up with Jeff <span class="twikiNewLink">McDonald<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McDonald?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="McDonald (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>. vlab VO dormant. no further action needed.*DROPPED*
<p />
45. Get a report on how many users are interested in Globus online. Do a survey in the next few months to see what communities are testing Globus online that are using OSG services. How many different VO’s are working with Globus online at this point? (work out a financial model in terms of how OSG would deal with this?)  (Ruth). Dropped in favor of Council report in January. <strong>DROPPED</strong>
<p />
44. Set up a meeting or workshop to talk about networking in a month or so. Need to determine who to drive from OSG (Lothar). <strong>Moved to OSG Project Complete</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="May_2012_Council_Teleconference"></a> May 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
43. Please fill out the Doodle poll regarding the proposed August Face-to-Face dates. (Council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
42. Regarding status of Globus/CDIGS support: Close the past action item to write a letter of support.  Instead, work with project and set up a process similar to that of Bestman, and report back to council in a couple of months regarding this. (Ruth, Steve, Miron, Lothar) Don. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
41. Go over definition and process for developing a Satellite from the twiki with Jerome. (Ruth) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="April_2012_Council_Teleconferenc"></a> April 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
40. Follow up with Steve Tuecke to determine next steps regarding GLOBUS funding request. (Ruth)  <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
 Globus obtained parallel funding. Ongoing interaction handled through every 6 weeks meeting between CDIGS and OSG organized by the project manager.
<p />
39. Follow up with Executive Team by April 1st regarding Engage effort. (Lothar) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
38. Discuss next steps for International Outreach. (Ruth)
<p />
37 Response to IU AHM proposal by May Council meeting. (Ruth) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="March_23_2012_Council_AHM_Action"></a> March 23, 2012: Council AHM Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
<strong>36-1 are complete</strong>
<p />
36. Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment of risk and plan for OSG Cerfiticate Authority (Lothar) <strong>Moved to August Council agenda</strong>
<p />
35. Create a plan on what to do if we need to switch a cert authority. (Security Team) <strong>Moved to August Council agenda</strong>
<p />
34. Approach stakeholders like US atlas to discuss OSG Cert. Authority transition process.(Mine) <strong>Moved to August Council agenda</strong>
<p />
33. Make a risk assessment regarding CA’s disappearing and Executive Team to review. (Michael and Lothar and Executive team) <strong>Moved to August Council agenda</strong>
<p />
32. Guidance from Council- what should we do different for satellites? (All) 
<p />
31. Richard to share what he knows about various project proposals and create a small document identifying areas of research. (Richard) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="March_22_2012_Council_AHM_Action"></a> March 22, 2012: Council AHM Action Items </span></h2>
30. Paul to follow up with Ruth and Steve T next week (March 26th-30th) regarding background issues, determine next steps to develop funding letter. <strong>DROPPED</strong> (replaced by May Action Item.
<p />
29. Continue discussion re: Engage funding- high priority to develop campus strategy. (Executive Team) <strong>Moved to OSG Project</strong> 
<p />
28. Keep Engage as a standing OSG Council Teleconference agenda item. (Paul/Rick) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
27. Follow up with Executive Team by April 1st. (Lothar) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
26. Discuss next steps for International Outreach Program. <Only application Horst received was from Brazil, who couldn’t secure funds> (Council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
25. Modify bylaws to clarify interpretation of active member standing.  (Paul/Rick) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
24. Update bylaw to reflect allowing non-members of council to be considered for election as Council Chair. (Paul/Rick) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
23. Obtain email statement from Ruth and conduct vote 1 week after statement is circulated to the Council. (Paul/Rick) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
22. Try to get a commitment for the next Face-to-Face location by next Council meeting. (Rob Q) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
21. Modify AHM instructions to identify and delegate the two distinct roles of organizing logistics versus organizing the program. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="February_2012_Council_Teleconfer"></a> February 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
20. Rick will send an <a href="/bin/view/Council/OfficialAnnouncement" class="twikiLink">official announcement</a> (email) describing the election process. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
19. Add concerns raised about OSG management structure, effectiveness of entities within this structure- put as agenda item for next meeting to discuss nature of those concerns in more detail, decide how council will move forward to address these. Could involve changes to bylaws. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
18. Paul and Rick to prepare something and send around for discussion, Steve offered to help. (re: GLOBUS funding request) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="January_2012_Council_Teleconfere"></a> January 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
17. Check <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/New" target="_top">Membership Listing</a> (council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
16.  Rick will make a proposal to request approval for a time schedule variance from the ED selection process detailed in the Management plan. (co-chairs) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
15.  Question: Is council interested in learning more about possible satellite or supporting initiatives? ED to make this report; gather ideas from other council members i.e. areas of work interested in. (executive director) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="December_2011_Council_Teleconfer"></a> December 2011 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
14. ED: Form a subcommittee and make recommendation (co-chairs). <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
13. Council chair: Contact current co-chairs if interested (Council). <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
12. iSGTW (carry over) (co-chairs and council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
11. Investigate future funding (Paul) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
10. AHM: Get a report next week; send to council (David Swanson) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
9. Sign off on revised charter. (council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
8. Look at and provide changes to Accomplishments document by Jan. 10 teleconference (council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="November_2011_Council_Teleconfer"></a> November 2011 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
7. Follow up on iSGTW name change, first with Council, then with iSGTW board (co-chairs and council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
6. Investigate future funding for iSGTW past the current Mar 2012 drop off date and the risk of a shortfall in future OSG Project funding for even the current 1/2 FTE. (Paul Avery) Proposal submitted <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
5. Jen make OSG status more obvious in news box. <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
4. Try to bring in new users (council).
<p />
3. Council agrees charter needs some editing. Perhaps the term Sustaining Charter describes it best and will be used <strong>COMPLETE</strong>.
<p />
2. Follow up about panels for AHM (council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
1. Respond to Emails about International Outreach visitors program (council) <strong>COMPLETE</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="September_2011_Council_Teleconfe"></a> September 2011 Council Teleconference Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
    * Owners:* Ruth <ul>
<li> Date Originated:* Sept 2011
</li> <li> Date Completed:* Dec 2012
</li> <li> Initial Recommendation:* revise charter to include services and present to council at Oct teleconf.
</li> <li> Results of Action: New charter in place.
</li></ul> 
<p />
  * Owners:* Ruth <ul>
<li> Date Originated:* Sept 2011
</li> <li> Date Completed:* Dec 2012
</li> <li> Initial Recommendation:* Adopt descoped <span class="twikiNewLink">BestMan<a href="/bin/edit/Council/BestMan?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="BestMan (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> support
</li> <li> Results of Action: Bestman support transitioned to OSG at the end of 2011
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Aug_2_3_2011_Face_to_Face_Action"></a> Aug 2-3, 2011 Face to Face Action Items </span></h2>
<h3><a name="From_Executive_Director_Report"></a> From Executive Director Report </h3> <ul>
<li> Find effort within project to pay attention to requirements and gather them.How do OSG sites get involved?
</li> <li> Action: Talk to group and have them talk to Jim Basney.
</li> <li> Future Action: Implementing Bestman and Bestman II. (Task for FY12) Issue to come before council, commitment from OSG to have sustaining support/ work w/ communities that use.
</li> <li> If something is missing from the “Goals to be prioritized in January” slide (4.2), let Alain know.
</li> <li> At Site Administrators meeting in Texas next week, Alan will train people on how to do testing. RP wants representation from all communities there, if possible (See slide 28). If missing a community, tell RP.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="From_Technical_Director_Report"></a> From Technical Director Report </h3> <ul>
<li> Trash/Trash/Blueprint of OSG- Council to read. 
</li> <li> Council to send Miron feedback re: extent council is prepared to guide, direct? 
</li> <li> Council to help in talking with sponsor, writing of proposal, outline how to talk to agencies?
</li> <li> Future council meeting: poll VOs if they want to be a prototype tester (follow from NEEs archiving model)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Council_Members_Talking_to_Spons"></a> Council Members Talking to Sponsors </h3> <ul>
<li> US LHC JOG meeting in October- ATLAS/CMS, suggest that OSG is on the agenda.  Make sure they understand how Tier 3’s contribute to physics output. (Bob, Nick, have this discussion with the program Manager)
</li> <li> Discussion w/ Executive team need for consortium members to help- US LHC Council members to follow up with funding agent, get participating institutions to contact agencies. Run 2 experiments to speak to spokespeople. Reach out to DOE, other members of council, encourage giving talks on your campus etc. 
</li> <li> CDF and DZero go to Spoke’s, what would they say? Write something up with bullet points for each experiment (Refer to run 2 assessment document written last year defining dependency on OSG. Include chart with effort profile submitted to DOE/NSF i.e. Mass apply as major stakeholder to NIH?
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Owners:* Council
</li> <li> Date Originated:* August 2011
</li> <li> Date Completed:* May2012
</li> <li> Initial Recommendation:* as above
</li> <li> Results of Action: OSG funding for next phase in place
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Aug_3"></a> Aug 3 </h3>
<p />
<h4><a name="OUTCOME_Action_Item_s"></a> OUTCOME/Action Item(s) </h4> <ul>
<li> Owners:* Ruth Pordes
</li> <li> Date Originated:* August 2011
</li> <li> Date Completed:* Sept 2011
</li> <li> Initial Recommendation:*  Executive Director to Present to council, executive team, other components of XD- learn more about other parts.
</li> <li>  Results of Action: Done in Sept 2011
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Owners:* Miron Livny
</li> <li> Date Originated:* August 2011
</li> <li> Date Completed:* Sept 2011
</li> <li> Initial Recommendation:*  Miron to talk to Craig Stewart about Campus Bridging activity.
</li> <li>  Results of Action: Done in Sept 2011
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Owners:* Council
</li> <li> Date Originated:* August 2011
</li> <li> Date Completed:*  still open
</li> <li> Initial Recommendation:*  Continue discussion re: allocating resource with main resource providers within OSG. Engage hard discussion, effort, goals, priority given to major funding sources, stakeholders, broadening our participation and value (executive team)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h4><a name="WLCG_futures_and_OSG"></a> WLCG futures and OSG </h4> <ul>
<li> Owners:* Ruth Pordes
</li> <li> Date Originated:* August 2011
</li> <li> Date Completed:* Feb 2012
</li> <li> Initial Recommendation:*  Draft letter, giving OSG comments, names of 4 OSG members to assign to WLCG TEG working groups, discussion of this item and have a conclusion in a couple of days. (Individuals to be proposed/ coordinated at Executive team meetings). 
</li> <li>  Results of Action:  Brian Bockelman named as the coordinator of all OSG contributions to the WLCG TEG; He reported semi-monthly to the Executive Team. TEGs gave reports in Spring 2012 and generated recommendations for technical and activity groups for future needs.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h4><a name="Exchanges_with_the_Americas"></a> Exchanges with the Americas </h4> <ul>
<li> Owners: OSG Council
</li> <li> Date Originated: August 13rd
</li> <li> Date Completed: Sept 1011
</li> <li> Results of Action:  Jose/ Horst created wiki page with checklist of what people would need i.e. local travel funding, guidelines on what to expect, checklist of details.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h1><a name="Aug_2008_May_2011"></a> Aug 2008 - May 2011 </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="August_2008_Face_to_Face_Council"></a> August 2008 Face-to-Face Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="1_Promote_the_appointment_of_Col"></a> 1. <strong>Promote the appointment of “Collective VO” representatives:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Kent Blackburn, Paul Avery, Shaowen Wang
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 2008
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> August 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Form council subcommittee to review "collective VOs" and make recommendations to council for achieving action
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> Shaowen Wang began in March 2009; Tom Furlani began in August 2009. Second recommendation of subcommittee passed council vote, the first did not.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="2_Review_current_organizational"></a> 2. <strong>Review current organizational structure for the OSG Council:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN1"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Kent Blackburn, Paul Avery
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 2008
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> March 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Form council subcommittee to review organization and make recommendations to council for achieving action
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> Council adopted second recommendation from Collective VO subcommittee to have the Collective VOs establish a forum for self appointing their representatives 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="3_Develop_capability_to_measure"></a> 3. <strong>Develop capability to measure the science domains being served by OSG resources:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_BUT_GENERATED_NEW_ACTI"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong>, BUT GENERATED NEW ACTION ITEM (SEE 12 BELOW). </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> OSG Executive Team
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 2008
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> This topic be taken up at a blueprint meeting to evaluate ways technology may facilitate
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> Process has been implemented. <strong>However</strong>, a new action item (see 12 below), is in place to assure correctness and completeness of VO science domain characterization by the process.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="4_Evaluate_concept_of_placing_sm"></a> 4. <strong>Evaluate concept of placing small scale parallel (MPI) clusters some OSG sites:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN2"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> OSG Executive Team
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> March 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Consider seeding some OSG sites with same 32-64 node MPI based clusters
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> TBD; A proposal was submitted to funding agency; This action item is complete. The proposal was partially funded – the effort was funded and not the h/w. The project is a satellite. Dan Fraser is the technical lead and has/can report. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="5_Develop_a_plan_to_support_virt"></a> 5. <strong>Develop a plan to support virtual machine user/apps:</strong> </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Jerome Lauret, Ruth Pordes, Sebastien Goasguen
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> April 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Owners would develop a plan for future
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> TBD
</li></ul> 
<p />
"Initial round of work to support STAR on Clemson and Glow reported in the annual report. Brian and Igor asked by Ruth to work with Sebastien on
understanding if and how this fits in the production OSG environment."
<p />
<h3><a name="6_Bring_Area_Coordinator_Reporti"></a> 6. <strong>Bring Area Coordinator Reporting to the monthly Council telecons:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN3"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Kent, Paul, Members of Executive Board
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> June 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> In order to give Council greater visibility into the inner workings of the Exec Team and Area Coordinators, reports from these areas will be integrated into monthly meetings of the Council.
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> Now an integral component of monthly OSG Council Telecons
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="August_10th_11th_2009_OSG_Counci"></a> August 10th, 11th, 2009 OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting Action Items: </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="7_Evaluate_how_best_to_stagger_E"></a> 7. <strong>Evaluate how best to stagger Executive Director Term to account for current overlap with Council Co-Chairs and provide continuity:</strong> </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Kent, Paul, Richard Mount
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 10th, 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Council is in favor of staggering Executive Director and Council Chair(s). Should include in recommendation the fact that the OSG proposal is strongly coupled to this term and the next term. In addition, a change to management plan to allow for overlap between current Executive Director and elected Executive Director was discussed as a valuable possible mechanism to provide continuity. These changes will need to be reflected as changes to OSG By-Laws and Management Plan, etc.
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> TBD
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="8_Evaluate_how_best_to_stagger_C"></a> 8. <strong>Evaluate how best to stagger Council Chair(s) Term(s) to account for current overlap with Executive Director and provide continuity:</strong> </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 10th, 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Council is in favor of staggering Council Chair(s). Should include in recommendation the fact that the OSG proposal is strongly coupled to this term and the next term. In addition, a change to By-Laws to allow for deputy chair and chair overlap to provide continuity, with the deputy chair replacing the chair on a TBD schedule (mid-term?).
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> TBD
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="9_Evaluate_how_best_to_establish"></a> 9. <strong>Evaluate how best to establish and exercise Science Advisory Group (SAG):</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN4"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Ruth Pordes, Scott <span class="twikiNewLink">McCauley<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McCauley?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="McCauley (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 10th, 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Consider forming a subcommittee of the Council to manage this process.
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> TBD
</li></ul> 
<p />
Phone or face-to-face meeting held with all members. Request from Gaudenz Danuser for a face to face meeting of the group.
<p />
<h3><a name="10_Establish_a_subcommittee_of_t"></a> 10. <strong>Establish a subcommittee of the Open Science Grid (Executive Board) to determine how to migrate effort from core activities to provide support and architecture for the long term:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN5"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> OSG Council
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 10th, 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Careful prioritization is needed to assure effort on OSG future is supported and coupled with this action. Recommendations to follow from council discussions and vote to follow and address this action item.
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> Recommendations from Council are "officially" captured in the meeting <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Agenda2009Aug11" target="_top">minutes</a>. Recommendations were circulated to the OSG Executive Board in an email on August 31st, 2009. The Technology Group was established. An architecture document was written. The group now has items in the FY11 WBS that is currently being constructed.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Blueprint/WebHome#Technology_Group" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Blueprint/WebHome#Technology_Group</a>
<a href="http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=966" target="_top">http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=966</a>
<p />
<h3><a name="11_Evaluate_risks_associated_wit"></a> 11. <strong>Evaluate risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN6"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Bill Johnston
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 10th, 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Report back findings from interacting with other communities to council at next Face-to-Face Meeting.
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong> Workshop <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/OsgEsnetWorkshopReport" target="_top">Report</a> sent to Council 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="12_Inform_and_iterate_with_the_O"></a> 12. <strong>Inform and iterate with the OSG VO Liaisons regarding the collection of science domain metrics. Work with VOs to accurately define their science domain areas for the purpose of these metrics:</strong> </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN7"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Scott <span class="twikiNewLink">McCauley<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McCauley?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="McCauley (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> (for the GOC)
</li> <li> <strong>Date Originated:</strong> August 10th, 2009
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Open
</li> <li> <strong>Initial Recommendation:</strong> Working with VOs, inform and update as needed their science domain. Report back to the OSG Council by the time of our next Face-to-Face meeting the status and any new issues discoverd in working with the VOs.
</li> <li> <strong>Results of Action:</strong>  <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/MeasurementsAndMetrics/MetricScienceUsage" target="_top">Report</a> to the Council
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="March_2010_Face_to_Face_Council"></a> March 2010 Face-to-Face Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="1_Communicate_with_Ian_regarding"></a> 1. Communicate with Ian regarding Globus Alliance position on Council. </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN8"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Paul Avery
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="2_Develop_and_document_a_process"></a> 2. Develop and document a process for removing a council representative on the basis of participation. This should include an "inactive state", which also has a process for returning to "active status" based on the procedures to be developed and documented. This process should be reviewed by the council before ratification. </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_MIGRATED_INTO_THE_MANA"></a> <strong>COMPLETED - MIGRATED INTO THE MANAGEMENT PLAN AI</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Shaowen Wang &amp; Doug Olson
</li> <li> Action Item 2 from March 2010, <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/CouncilActionItems/suspension-100816.docx" target="_top">suggesting</a> how the bylaws and voting rules documents could be updated to reflect the inactive status/suspension procedures previously discussed.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="3_Develop_a_document_covering_ex"></a> 3. Develop a document covering "expectations" for coming into the OSG. Collective VO representatives reported that there were lots of questions regarding how to interact with the funding agencies as a member of the OSG. One example VO was noted as SBGrid in the discussion. </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN9"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Ruth Pordes, John <span class="twikiNewLink">McGee<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McGee?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="McGee (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> &amp; Piotr Sliz
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong>  July 2010
</li> <li> <strong>Result:</strong> presented to June Council meeting.  Comments from Council included. Final document at: <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/MemberExpectations" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/MemberExpectations</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="4_Find_out_the_end_data_for_SciD"></a> 4. Find out the end data for <span class="twikiNewLink">SciDAC<a href="/bin/edit/Council/SciDAC?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="SciDAC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> II </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN10"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Chander Sehgal*
</li> <li> <strong>Result:</strong> Mid 2011
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="5_Wordsmith_the_Mission_Statemen"></a> 5. Wordsmith the "Mission Statement" presented to the Council. </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN11"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Ruth Pordes, John <span class="twikiNewLink">McGee<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McGee?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="McGee (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, Vicky White, Michael Ernst, Doug Olson
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Council Face to Face Endorsed this statement:</strong> "The Open Science Grid (OSG) advances science through open distributed computing. The OSG is a multi-disciplinary partnership to federate local, regional, community and national cyberinfrastructures to meet the needs of research and academic communities at all scales. “
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="6_Work_to_revise_the_Management"></a> 6. Work to revise the Management Plan. </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Miron Livny, Michael Ernst, Kent Blackburn, Vicky White
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="7_Develop_strategy_for_approach"></a> 7. Develop strategy for approach XD teams regarding engage, user support &amp; advanced user support by the OSG. </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN12"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Ruth Pordes, John <span class="twikiNewLink">McGee<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McGee?topicparent=Council.CouncilActionItems" rel="nofollow" title="McGee (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, Dan Fraser, Frank Wuerthwein
</li> <li> <strong>Date Completed:</strong> Ongoing
</li></ul> 
<p />
Discussions held with XROADs and XSEDE teams. Separate letters of committment submitted to the 2 proponents. Proposals submitted July 16th. Preliminary review in mid-September. Understand that there will be more open discussion after that. 
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="8_Set_up_a_doodle_poll_to_determ"></a> 8. Set up a doodle poll to determine the best date for the August Face-to-Face. The Council meeting will be one day. It will be preceded by a one day meeting of proposal planning lead by Ruth. The Council will have a dinner the night before the Council meeting. </h3>
<h4><a name="COMPLETED_AN13"></a> <strong>COMPLETED</strong> </h4>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <strong>Owners:</strong> Kent Blackburn
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Venue: Fermilab or Hotel near Chicago?
</li> <li> <a href="http://www.doodle.com/zykgavkaz4dtx7vn" target="_top">Doodle Poll for Determining the Face-to-Face Council Meeting Date</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="May_2011_Face_to_Face_Council_Ac"></a> May 2011 Face-to-Face Council Action Items </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="1_ET_will_come_up_with_the_impac"></a> 1.  ET will come up with the impact/plan to inform funding agencies how it is - next JOG is October. </h3>
<p />
<h3><a name="2_Ruth_will_work_w_Rob_and_ET_to"></a> 2. Ruth will work w/ Rob and ET to have a Strategic Plan discussions, input (council, stakeholders, users, staff), draft and review, by June 30. </h3>
<p />
<h3><a name="3_Post_All_Hands_March_19_23_201"></a> 3. Post All Hands March 19-23, 2012, on OSG home; announcements elsewhere. </h3>
<p />
<h3><a name="4_For_next_council_meeting_ET_wi"></a> 4. For next council meeting, ET will cull the documents to say what council (including council chair) does now and present that. ET will circulate it one week before Aug meeting. </h3>
<p />
<h3><a name="5_Michael_Ernst_talk_with_Bill_J"></a> 5. Michael Ernst talk with Bill Johnston and Steve Cotter and report to council co-chairs. Co-chairs will ask Kathy Yelick for a replacement for Bill. </h3>
<p />
<h3><a name="6_Use_of_ATLAS_opportunistic_res"></a> 6. Use of ATLAS opportunistic resources.  This is a process other VOs could benefit from. It can be used as a template. </h3>
<p />
<h3><a name="7_Kent_and_Rick_will_communicate"></a> 7. Kent and Rick will communicate the change of chair to Paul, and Rick to whole council. </h3>
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> 9/11/2012 <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/CouncilActionItems/suspension-100816.docx" target="_top">suspension-100816.docx</a>: Suggested changes to address inactive council representatives
</li></ul> </div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
<div class="twikinetRounded twikinetRoundedAttachments"><div class="rCRounded"><div class="rCTR"><div class="rCTL"></div><!--/rCTL--><div class="twikiAttachments">
<div class="twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline">  <span id="topicattachmentslistshow" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleopen.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span> <span id="topicattachmentslisthide" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleclose.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span>  </div><!--/twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline--> <div class="twistyPlugin"><div id="topicattachmentslisttoggle" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyContent twikiMakeHidden twistyInited">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table summary="Topic attachments" cellspacing="0" id="twikiAttachmentsTable" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="rows" border="1"><caption>Topic attachments</caption>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems?cover=print;sortcol=0;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">I</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems?cover=print;sortcol=1;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Attachment</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems?cover=print;sortcol=2;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Action</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol3"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems?cover=print;sortcol=3;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Size</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol4"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems?cover=print;sortcol=4;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Date</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems?cover=print;sortcol=5;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Who</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems?cover=print;sortcol=6;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Comment</font></a> </th>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="pdf" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/pdf.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">pdf</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/CouncilActionItems/SuraGrid_Action_Item.pdf">SuraGrid_Action_Item.pdf</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/CouncilActionItems?filename=SuraGrid_Action_Item.pdf;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 61.5&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">07 Dec 2012 - 16:51</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> &nbsp; </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <img width="16" alt="else" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/else.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">docx</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/CouncilActionItems/suspension-100816.docx">suspension-100816.docx</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/CouncilActionItems?filename=suspension-100816.docx;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3 twikiLast"> 13.7&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4 twikiLast"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">18 Aug 2010 - 02:09</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> Suggested changes to address inactive council representatives </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</div></div> <!--/twistyPlugin--></div><!--//twikiAttachments--></div><!--/rCTR--><div class="rCBR"><div class="rCBL"></div><!--/rCBL--></div><!--/rCBR--></div><!--/rCRounded--></div><!--/twikinetRounded--></div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>CouncilActionItems</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r78 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:36 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />