---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Chander, Mine, Shawn, Gabriele, Rob Q., Tim C., Tim T., Brian, Bo Jayatilaka, Rob G.

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Suggestions for new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]], Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Rob Quick - Operations

Reporting for January 8th to present. 

---+++ Key Initiatives and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * Calendar Year 2013 Availability/Reliability Stats at [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements/2013.xlsx]]
   2. Development of Staff
      * Scott and Kyle did a good job of holding down the operations &quot;fort&quot; while I was away most of this reporting period. 
      * Some new operational items were identified and acted on during this time. 
      * VO Package procedure will be updated due to issues experienced.
   3. Addition of Staffing 
      * Vince Neal joined the support desk staff as of Febuary 24th.
      * We are now fully staffed according to the year 2 SoW. 
   4. SHA2 Update Done
      * As of February 11th all newly issued certificates are SHA2 complaint. 
   4. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
         * [[https://myosg.grid.iu.edu/vopfmatrix/index?start_type=7daysago&amp;start_date=09%2F26%2F2013&amp;end_type=now&amp;end_date=09%2F26%2F2013&amp;vo=on&amp;vo_35=on&amp;active_value=1&amp;oasis_value=1&amp;sort_key=name][MyOSG ATLAS Matrix]]
      * Campaign to get non-WLCG sites to adopt OSG network monitoring. Postponed until we have fully functional dashboard. 
      * OSG Dashboard Code now curated by the GOC
         * Researching Future Technology (!MadDash?) 
      * This seems to have stalled a bit, but recently Shawn has attemtped to restart the conversation. 
      * Operational load very heavy between now and AHM, not many cycles to apply to this activity. 
   5. PKI Usability Survey
      * Survey completed some responses included in the OSG Annual Report
         * Areas that need work
            * &quot;If you needed assistance did you know who to contact?&quot; - 35% said No. 
            * &quot;Did you receive enough information about how to install and maintain your certificate?&quot; - 23% say No
         * Areas we are doing well
            * Of those that renewed most thought the process was &quot;Easy&quot; or &quot;Somewhat Easy&quot;
            * Majority though it was easy to &quot;preform necessary actions in OIM&quot;? 
         * Documentation easy to find, but not easy to use. 
   6. OSG Connect
      * Now sending outages and reports to OSG Operations for report on weekly calls. 
      * Still waiting for regular participation.  
   7. Three Operations Papers to be presented at ISCG in March
      * “Connecting Central Shared File Systems Across the Open Science Grid and the European Grid Initiative”
      * “Open Science Grid Operations: A Decade of HTC Infrastructure Support”
      * “Galaxy based BLAST submission to Open Science Grid Resources”
   8. Submitted to HPDC - &quot;Building a Chemical-Protein Interactome on the Open Science Grid&quot; 

---+++ Top Concerns and Issues
   1. Service Additions Adding Up - &quot;Currently sustainable but there are limits&quot;
      * OASIS 
         * Modification underway
         * Version 2.0 ready for testing
      * !XRootD
      * !PerfSONAR data store
         * Switch to !MadDash for publishing
      * WLCG Accounting
         * Mostly done
      * iRODS
      * GLOW Glide In Factory
   2. Bringing on New Staff at GRNOC
      * Chance to review policy and procedures and update as necessary. 
      * Advocating OSG Activities to GRNOC
   3. Mass Certificate Renewals starting soon. 

---+++ WBS Progress 
   1. Develop staff to manage operational activities in the absence of the Operations Manager
      * 4+ weeks of smooth sailing during recent paternity leave.  
   2. !ReSS deprecation
      * !ReSS done. Still maintained by FNAL for local users.  
   3. Provide Interoperability for EGI Services
      * Completed with ENMR
         * Seen recent activity at FNAL resources
      * New Recent Additions Auger, XENON, CTA
   4. Planning next staff training event
      * Mini-gridschool in the early June timeframe
   5. Evaluate Operational Effort Required for !GlideInWMS. 
      * Initial draft of effort report is at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Blueprint/GlideInOperationsPlan

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Operations per SLA. Onboarded OSG Connect on ops communication. Staff development. New staff on-boarding at call center (GRNOC) (0.50 FTE on OSG) - now fully staffed
   2. PKI: Newly issued certificates are now SHA2 compliant. Retiring DOEGrids CA. PKI Usability report provides GOC feedback for improvement.
   3. Ongoing work with Networking group. GOC curates OSG Dashboard code now.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Upcoming mass renewal of certificates
   2. Number of services under operations are adding up.

Key Accomplishments
   1. ReSS deprecation
   2. Interoperability with EGI Services: ENMR uses FNAL resources. Looking at expanding pool.



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 25 Feb 2014
