%TOC%

---+Operations Meeting December 5, 2005

Attendees: Neha, Horst, Doug, Burt, Kyle, RobQ, Tim, JohnR, Leigh, Aaron, JohnW

---++Previous Meeting Notes
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesNovember28

Questions about how often ACDC updates. John believes it is twice daily.
---++Current OSG Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

VO package email to the Support Centers was held for a moderator or we weren&#39;t approved to send to the particular list...the emails went back out to the lists. Rob suggested that the emails in the future be sent from the iGOC and BCC the other Support Centers to avoid the unwanted email.

---++Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall

---+++Fermilab
No one in attendance.
---+++USATLAS
No one in attendance.
---+++USCMS
Burt - Present, but no issues to report.
---+++CDF
No one in attendance.
---+++DES/SDSS
Neha - Present, but no issues to report.
---+++DZero
No one in attendance.
---+++fMRI
No one in attendance.
---+++GADU
No one in attendance.
---+++GLOW
No one in attendance.
---+++GRASE
No one in attendance.
---+++LIGO
No one in attendance.
---+++STAR
Doug - GridCat storage element status display.
---++Other Issues

GROW Registration Request. - Rob and I will begin work on this tomorrow.

I apologise that I am unable to attend the operations meetings. Here are some  items I have asked the Operations Group about previously (I hope!) - Ruth
   * Move of MonaLisa repository version from ITB to production - it  has been in use on the ITB for over 2 weeks I believe. - Rob is working on this.
   * Matrix of which VOs can execute jobs on which sites. Is operations active in following up on this with each of the Support Centers? - Further explanation needed from Ruth.
   * BDII for the Trash/Trash/Integration Test Bed. Is there a url for this from the Trash/Trash/Integration Grid Web pages. - It should be in the OSG Services area.
   * Outages of ML Monitoring - is there a way of having an alarm for this? - Ioshif may have a suggestion. 
   * issues for which the Operations group needs decisions or intervention should be emailed to the IEB and Trash/Deployment group after the operations meeting. 
   * Operations Status and plans for provisioning OSG 0.4.0 - release hopefully before Jan1
   * Emailing text from the Daily Usage Reports  to the Status mail list.

-- Main.TimSilvers - 05 Dec 2005
