---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Apr9][April 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * Keith
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Dan

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release v0.38

We are still pursuing a weird problem where Birt is not behaving as expected in _some_ installation.

Dan: I will try to help.

Penelope: It could be the location of the build (i.e. the java version maybe that cause the problem).

Chris: Metric record was update to fix a problem with replication and have added md5 unique key.

Chris: Did not update the log levels.

Chris: Google Chrome, reporting works but the authentication does not work.

Chris: It will also fix the Metric replication to older version of the collector.

---++OSG Issues

Chris: What about the requested report that each Users should receive?

Brian: Miron did not mean &quot;Users&quot; in the grid sense (i.e. VO) but &quot;End Users&quot;.

Philippe:  Actually this actually need more refining and understanding of what is needed?

Chris: We could add the email address of the probe payload.

Keith/Brian: This is not needed you can look the address from the DN.

Keith: It should be taken from the DOE Grid Certificate LDAP.

---++Report development

BIRT&#39;s development team is working on cumulative graph.

---++Test Bed

- Is the script that diagnose Gratia problem properly handling the Metric probes?

Chris: I will recheck (by the way this is not part of the release).

Philippe: You may have to revise our this is distributed.

---++WLCG

- Change of unit proceeding on small pace (it changes only the normalization).

---++Service 

John: We are currently using the DB on gratia07 for development for testing the time it takes coalescing.


---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
