---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Apr9][April 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Steve Timm

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++v0.34 Releases.

Trash/Trash/Integration test found several issues (most already fixed) including an unresolved problem under heavy load.

Need to all 3 types of collectors: Job Level, Storage, Psacct and daylies.

Steve: Dan Y and Chris should be working next week in separating the ITB to a different hardware.

---++OSG Issues

Brian: - Summary collector work continues.  LIGO data looks good, CMS data is  
a bit problematic (it appears that the collector is blacklisting the  
usage records...).  Still not ready for production.

- Ted H. will be attending the ITB meeting to get more folks turning  
on the Gratia Storage Probes.
    - If that&#39;s successful, I will be asking CMS sites to do this next Tuesday.
    - Conclusion: More storage data is coming!

- Friendly reminders for:
   - Appearance of exit codes in summary data
   - Appearance of storage summary data
I believe both are listed in the requirements, and I believe both are  
0.36 items

- Need to discuss reporting strategies for storage data.
    - Email summaries until summary tables are ready?

---++System Admin

Requisition for hardware items is in &quot;special approvers&quot; at CD
(already signed by Vicky, on its way out of division).

Renewed certs for gratia03 and gratiax31-x35, gratiax51,gratiax52, 
gratia05, gratia-vm02.

Got certs for the first time for gratia08, gratia09

Helped John W. debug why glite trust manager wouldn&#39;t start up
on one of the gratia08 tomcats ( had to restart after new certs were
installed).

Need a downtime on gratia03 at some point (sometime between June 1 and 
10) to fix lvm.


---++Report development

---++Probes

On Chris behalf:  send a small patch release to VDT not yet included.

---++Test Bed

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
