---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Apr9][April 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release 0.34-9

Moving along fine.  Increased upgraded  speed by 10% by turning off reporting.

Some issues with the reports.  Jeff is working on it.

---++Release 0.36.

Code is feature complete.  Going through testing phase.

We need to make sure to test the passct type of server.

---++OSG Issues

Brian: Working on RSV report for OSG EB.

---++Test Bed

John: We are now making nightly build.

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
