<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MeetingMinutes2009Nov11 &lt; Storage &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Storage/MeetingMinutes2009Nov11?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MeetingMinutes2009Nov11" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Storage/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes2009Nov11"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Storage_Meeting_Minutes_2009_Nov"></a> Storage Meeting Minutes 2009 Nov 11 </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> <ul>
<li>  Brian Bockelman 
</li> <li>  Ted Hesselroth 
</li> <li>  Tanya Levshina
</li> <li>  Neha Sharma 
</li> <li> Alex Sim - apologies 
</li> <li> Andrew Baranovski - on vacation
</li> <li> Abhishek Rana - Veteran's day
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Status_report"></a> Status report </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
<p />
Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
created transform that produces dCache topology and generates usage
statistics for pools, linkgroups, reservation descriptions and overall
space.
created program that builds python gratia records using XML output of the above.
the latter needs to be integrated with gratia connector

</pre>
<p />
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
no report 
</pre>
<p />
Ted:
<pre class="screen">
For discovery tool:

made fixes to make attribute comparisons non-case sensitive and to allow functions in xquery variable declarations.
Modified the maven build to produce a product for either the release branch or the trunk. The former has 
its version identified with format x.x.x and the latter has its version identified with format x.x-rxxx, 
where xxx is the svn revision number. 
Also added a version variable in the readme text which is replaced by the true version number at build time. 
A new change log has been added with the same feature. The xpathsearch jar, based on the java code of the tool,
has been given it's own version number, since a new discovery tool version might be based on changes 
to non-java files, such as xqueries. Will likely add a version variable to the query scripts, 
so that a --version flag could be honored.

Looked at Complex Event Processing as a technology for a diagnostics tool.
</pre>
<p />
Neha:
<pre class="screen">
implemented new pool creation/addition mechanism.

added support so that dcache can be started as non-root

on dCap and FTP doors only, the file permission checking can now be done by PnfsManager. 
To enable it, following has to be set in the config/dCacheSetup file  
permissionPolicyEnforcementPoint=PnfsManager so, i added support for it in our conf file and script

investigated implication of pnfsManager option "-storageinfo-provider" no longer being supported

validated the fresh 1.9.5-5 install on fg0x1, investigated problems bringing up srm

 followed up and maintained osg storage tickets
</pre>
<p />
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - recursive directory copying with srm-copy at NERSC for STAR
  - file transfer into symbolic linked directory (PUT case)
  - connection to backend reddnet storage via gsiftp
  - discussion on transfer server selection based on storage location

* bestman 2 status
  - moving bestman server to tomcat based is completed
  - moving bestman server to the latest java cog is completed
  - support for the next GUMS server is completed
  - retain all current features
  - packaging needs to be done - initially will only support tomcat 6
    plan on adding tomcat 5.5 later on if needed
  - testing after packaging needs to be done
  - lbnl srm-clients needs to be moved to the latest java cog based
  - plan to release by the end of this year
</pre>
Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
          meeting with Frank, Brian, Michael, Igor and Abhishek - hadoop support, 
          storage scalability and performance tests, functionality tests requirements
          meeting with Ruth and Brian - brainstorming requirements for public storage availability
          storage documentation meeting
          weekly status discussion with Alain
          meeting with Arvind, Andrew and Alain  - RSV storage probe 
          STG meeting to discuss discovery tools release
          meeting with Ted - WBS priorities
Support:
           T3 sites and GUMS help for  configuration problems
            Problem with srmcopy from griftp to bestman-hadoop installation
            hadoop support by vdt 
  Technical work:
        Re-install xrootd on xrootd nodes (fixes in cnsd), have restarted tests:
         * PhEDEx like test ran successfully for 40 hours
         * After increasing load on other virtual nodes have encountered other problems with xrootd
         * Notified developers, provided requested information
         * in the process of reproducing the problem with debug level on 
        Provided some modification for dcache documentation
        Provided feedback on Gsiftp document
        Started to work on storage doc list review
        Built new vdt-dcache with dcache server 1.9.5-7     
</pre>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="First_agenda_item"></a> First agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
vdt-dcache status (Neha)
<h3><a name="Discussion"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
All the necessary changes for vdt-script are done, in cvs. The new installation is working fine. Neha will try to do gridwork upgrade during next week.
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Second_Agenda_Item"></a> Second Agenda Item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
BeStMan 2
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN1"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
The following questions should be discussed with Alain and Alex: <ol>
<li> vdt-bestman configuration changes with  new BeStMan (apache (?), tomcat etc)
</li> <li> BeStMan 2 will have  only tomcat 6 support for now. Is VDT ready to package tomcat-6
</li> <li> for BeStMan installed on CE - could it run together with CeMon?
</li></ol> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Third_agenda_item"></a> Third agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Test stand at USCD, scalability &amp; performance test
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN2"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
No information about the progress of test stand setup. Igor is working on questionnaire for major VOs in order to understand the performance expectation.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fourth_agenda_item"></a> Fourth agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets (Neha)
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN3"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++
<p />
Closed:
<p />
7728 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Configuring multiple storage shelves
<p />
7729 - OSG Storage: dCache: Pool restart fails with "bad SI file for" error
<p />
7730 - OSG Storage: Bestman-Gateway: How are gridftp servers chosen?
<p />
++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++
<p />
Closed:
<p />
7697 - OSG-Storage: srm-copy: "mkdir" argument failure when using -f and <a href="file://" target="_top">file://</a> as target url
<p />
7505/7574 - dCache - Site losing data due to files being marked as non-sticky 
<p />
7448 - dCache - Poor PNFS/Chimera performance on upgrade from 1.9.2-5 to 1.9.4.-x
<p />
Follow up in progress:
<p />
7699 - OSG-Storage: Bestman-&gt;dCache: "failed to get initial request status" error
<p />
6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed
<p />
6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5
<p />
6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command
<p />
No update:
<p />
7326 - dCache - misleading error message when using dccp to transfer  data
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Created_by"></a> Created by: </span></h2>
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a> - 12 Nov 2009</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Storage<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Storage/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MeetingMinutes2009Nov11</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r1 - 12 Nov 2009 - 16:54:53 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />