---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 20 May 2011
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Friday 20 May 2011&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting:  Friday 24 June 2011&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Anthony Tiradani&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Maarten Litmaath&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Brian Bockelman&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ Information Systems / Accounting
   * OSG creates an normalization constant from information in the BDII that is based on a *per core* basis, while accounting wants it to be *per slot*.  Atlas has asked for modifications to the numbers because they use hyper-threading.
      * Brian B. will send a proposal to Anthony
      * Maarten L. will send a list of additional people that should see the proposal
      * Anthony T. will ensure that the proposal is sent to the list.

   * BDII upgrade will proceed next week
      * Some known differences still exist, but work arounds exist for those
      * Some sites may have problems because new BDII has stricter schema checks - solution is to advertise correct information
      * Maarten L. will devote more time for debugging a couple of non-blocking issues

---+++ Authorization Services
   * glexec upgrade from 0.6.x to 0.8 in OSG needed
      * CMS has issued a formal request for this upgrade
   * VOMS Admin/VOMRS
      * Want to obsolete any VOMS Admin server version less than 2.5.5
      * OSG security officer notified.  The security officer will follow up.

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 20 May 2011
