---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Feb11][February 11]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * Rob
   * Brian
   * Jim
   * Philippe
   * Keith
   * Dan 

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+ Gratia

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

Development is continuing.

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi

Gratia MySQL is being migrated from Gratia06 to Gratia09.   Still need the OSG production.
This move was necessary due to the influx of Transfer Data.
Capacity upgrade had been in limbo due to Federal budge continuation.

---+++RSV

ras.

---++OSG

   * Name changes ... 

Twiki page needs help ...

Most common change: the sitename has changed and wants to keep historical data under the new name.  One wrinkle is/was the case of Purdue-Steele/Lear (same site name but different real site).

Brian: it would be nice to have a report that shows the probe information and OIM are out of sync.

Chris: I would prefer to have a list of registered probe and their details.

Chris: See Monthly VO reports has an analogous table for VO Name.

General agreement that at least in the foreseen-able future, a weekly report on this information should be sent.

Rob: What about automatic the creation of tickets?

Philippe: Yes, let&#39;s do the reports for a while and then see what we could/should automate. 

---++WLCG 

---++Fermi/CD

Jim Fromm: Putting the finishing touch on the requirement documents should be ready next week.

---++Development

---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

   * Transfer Site and VO report

We are proposing a new set of emails patterned after the CPU reports.  

Instead of [SiteName and &#39;Success&#39;] as the key, we will [SiteName (of the server), Mode (read/write) and Success].
It would be best if we could also name the &#39;client&#39; site but we need some more information from OIM.

Instead of [# Jobs, Wall Time] we will have [# Transfer, Total # of bytes,  Average Transfer Rate]

It would take about 3 to 5 days.

Brian: Ok let&#39;s add it to Chris&#39; todo with low priority.

Chris: I am also still working on RSV Gratia Monitoring Probe.  Is there an upcoming dateline.

Rob: 2nd week of March, I think.

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

Don P is really appreciative to have the Gratia Report available through port 80.

---++To be discussed later:

---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity

Andrii has been re-assigned and no longer participate.

Next activities are meeting with Thain and Thor.
