---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Apr09][April 09]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+ Gratia

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

Philippe: Delay due to technical difficulties with implementing support for self-signed certificate (necessary for authentication of glexec probes).

Keith: Could we either gather the probe data onto the server?  Could we use the local proxy?

Philippe:  Yes we could do the first.  The 2nd can indeed already be used.

---++Services Operation

Chris: Needed a quick restart of the collector due to an &#39;unknown&#39;/&#39;unreproducible&#39; problem with the servlets (listeners).

Dan: hardware purchase is proceeding (slowly).

Chris: cms-t1 is not reporting transfer info at the moment.  So we are not cpu bound yet.

Keith: the disk should be able to hold on for another 3 or 4 months.

Fermilab:

http://fermigrid.fnal.gov/monitor/png/gratia06-database-monitor-plot4.png

OSG:

http://fermigrid.fnal.gov/monitor/png/gratia09-database-monitor-plot4.png

---+++OSG/Fermi
---+++RSV

---++OSG

Brian: Packaging of the Gratia collector v1.02.1 in VDT in incorrect.  This broke Nebraska&#39;s installation which was saved by Chris sending the original tar ball send to VDT.

Chris: I will be sending mail to Alain Roy and Alain Sill to warn them of the issue. 

Chris: no progress on &#39;reports&#39; since last week.   Left to be done is switching to use OIM information.  Somewhat waiting for GUI and having 2/3 users register with OIM.

Brian: What about the transfer report?

Chris: No started yet.   It is a development task and the only other development task is testing/cutting the release.

Brian: Is it time starved?

Chris: No, this is next on my development task list.  But I need you to remind me of the requirements.

Brian: I am still making progress on storage probe/report requirements.

---++WLCG 

---++Fermi/CD

---++Development

---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity
