---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Keith Chadwick
   * Ruth Pordes
   * Steve Timm
   * Dan Yocum
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Guests
   * Marco Mambelli
   * Rob Quick
   * Alain Roy


---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Gratia data quality. 
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
The following are potential gratia probes misconfigurations that should be looked at: 
   * VO &quot;unknown&quot; - catch all for misconfigured sites ~ 308,960 wallclock hours for November 21st  (compare with usatlas 408,800 and cms 410,993 hours on the same day). Include rsv probes and various people
   *  There are also VOs like  webportal, external , pilatlas , renci, glideinwms  - looks like misconfigured pilot probes (50896 jobs for November so far, 28817 hours)
   * RSV reports are mapped  various VOs (site owner VO, unknown VO, other VO, rsvuser VO etc) 
   * VO &quot;other&quot; - discarded data  , do we have a clear definition who should be mapped to this VO?
   * There are many individual users mapped to a VO== username (more then 200 users that are mapped to VOs that not registered in OIM since 2011, more then 10 in November ) 


Marco has provided guidance for RSV probes  in the new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/Release3/InstallRSV#Remote_server_configuration][installation guide]] - can somebody who understands the issue review it?

Rob Quick will  discuss how to proceed with Keith and Steve. This is an operational issue.

---++ Second agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
 BIRT Report
---+++ Discussion
We need to identify who is using the BIRT reports and see if it is possible to drop the support. Stakeholders are OSG (Chander?), !FermiGrid(Keith, Steve), Nebraska(?)

---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
 Probe ownership
---+++ Discussion
The current probes list is below. Alain and Tanya should have a detailed review of the ownership and come up with support procedure. We should meet in late December/early January. 
%INCLUDE{&quot;GratiaProbes&quot; section=&quot;GratiaProbes&quot;}%



Ruth: Boinc probe can be dropped from that list
---++ Forth agenda item
Gratia Core  rpm packaging
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
---+++ Discussion
It is a responsibility of  the Gratia Team, Alain has promised to provide guidance and some help. The work may start in January.

---++ Fifth agenda item
Gratia software upgrade
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
---+++ Discussion
Fermilab upgrade is almost done, OSG upgrade should be discussed during the Operation meeting.
---++ Sixth agenda item
Gratia documentation
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
---+++ Discussion
 Gratia documentation (72 docs total)

| * Web *|*  # of docs *|
|Accounting|51|
|Documentation/Release3|5|
|Management|4|
|Monitoring Information|1|
|Release Documentation|8|
|Storage|3|

Ruth has asked  to send her excel spreadsheet. Tanya will do it.


---++ Seventh agenda item
GRATIA/WLCG APEL
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
---+++ Discussion
From John Weigand&#39;s report:
   * Changes have been made and tested 
   * We are running on a daily basis starting 11/28 (with some interruptions)
   * Open issues:
      1. No visiblity into what is actually in APEL/EGI other than manually.
      1. No feedback on rejected/unprocessed files currently available.
      1. Nebraska WLCG reporting will have to be modified as defined in  [[ https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/METRICS-10][ JIRA ticket METRICS-10]]




-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 30 Nov 2011
