---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 12 October 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending
Other agenda items are
Kent, Frank, Doug, Torre, Alain, Mike, Leigh, Miron

---++ D0 resource request
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Re__Acces_to_OSG_resources.txt][DOResourceRequest]]


---++ Feedback on Troubleshooting plan 
   * [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Management/20061009AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=OSG_Troubleshooting_Planning_V0.5.doc][Troubleshooting PLanning Document]]

Overview document; not a list of workitems; this is highlights. Description of tracking and priorities should be clarified. Meeting between: Leigh, Alain, Doug, Rob, Shaowen for next round which includes more definition of actual deliverables, means of work etc. (EDD arrange the phone meeting)

---++ Project Plan 
No action.

---++ Status of VORS updates 
Beta version for public review on Monday. Changes asked for by Ruth + displays more site oriented and information more dense etc. Review at next weeks ETP meeting. 

---++ Status of SOWs
Sent Caltech to Wisconsin.
Need TAG in the SOWs saying &quot;resource manager ready&quot;.

---++  User group effort
Abhishek sounds like a reasonable posibility. Go back to the list of responsibilities Frank sent to Jerome/Torre/Ruth and decide what the scope and responsibilities reasonably are. (see below)

---++  Offline meetings to arrange
   * CDIGS/Globus,
   * FTS/gLite client tools.
   * ?
---++  Offline Meeting Reports 
   * LIGO extensions and VDS report
(will post Kent&#39;s email).

   * VDT storage management  
Meeting on dCache as part of OSG 0.6.0 held. 

   * JOG
Went well. Congratulations and condolonces. ATLAS presentation listed dependencies on OSG; CMS not so much; Today talked to Dan, Kevin, Chris at OCI. Good reception to vision/problem statement. Need metrics and quantitative measurement of progress.  Support for non-physics efforts of OSG. Program officer of Icecube and talked about Icecube in Wisconsin (the Tier-0 of Icecube). 

---++ Leadership of User Group Responsibilities:
#UsersGroupCoordination
List from Frank in July:

- Responsibility for managing the osg-users@opensciencegrid.org listserv

- There&#39;s a VO web on the twiki which we created, and Ilya Narsky was trying to get VOs to fill in.

- There&#39;s documentation that I started writing, and Ilya Narsky, Steve Timm, Neha Sharma, and Matt Norman
 contributed which is geared towards users. Responsibility for this documentation long term would fall to you.

- Ilya Narsky has been trying to get information from the VOs on their useage plans. He&#39;s only filling in until
we have a permanent person, e.g. you.

- We have commitments by some VOs that they present their success rate on OSG at the granularity of sites.
 This commitment goes back to the SLAC applications meeting, but was never followed through.

 Personally, I think we should remind people of this, and discuss time scael for having it in place, and what
 this would look like in detail.

- We had a meeting with a portal producer to support the little people, i.e. single PIs without strong VOs behind them,
 on OSG. This needs to be followed up. We have a biomolecular dynamics application that wants to run using this.
 This is done also in the context of GIN (Grid Interoperability Now), and thus has significant visibility in GGF.
 There&#39;s a potential second portal (?) called Nimrod-g, by David Abramson (Australia) which I am pursuing
 in the GIN context. I met Abramson in Italy. He sounds like a fun guy to work with, and recently committed
 himself to try running applications as part of GIN. He send me email yesterday. He&#39;s interested in running
 on all of OSG once he gets the hang of running at UCSD via GIN.

- Ruth has some concrete expectations based on the feedback she has gotten from the funding agencies. Among them
is the need for showing &quot;science benefits&quot; on a regular basis. It would fall to you to figure out how to get that done.
I&#39;d expect that you might work closely with the OSG news person(s) to suggest good science stories for them that
demonstrate the success of OSG.

I&#39;d think that you would take ownership of all of these threads, and work closely with others (e.g. UCSD on GIN,
OSG News, Ruth, the documentation people, Alan Blatecky, ...)
on some of them.

--- Interface to the Troubleshooting activity.

Level of Effort: .5 FTE.

-- Main.RuthPordes - 12 Oct 2006
   

