---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
 &lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt; 
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim
   * Tanya Levshina
---++ Agenda item
 &lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;br /&gt;    1. Status/features of BeStMan upcoming major release in August (Alex)&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Upcoming major release will be in VDT in August. It will allow to install and configure BeStMan with xrootd. It will still possible to configure just BeStMan (default configuration). If BeStMan and xrootd are installed - it will impossible to request storage reservation via srm. Opportunistic storage may be allocated by admin (changes in BeStMan configuration files) and then users could use a space token provided by admin to use an allocated space. &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;    2. The progress with storage GIP for BeStMan (Alex &amp; Brian)&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;All necessary information could be obtained from BeStMan, it is unclear who will take care to incorporate it in GIP.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;    3. D0 efficiency in using OSG for the last week (Andrew)&lt;br /&gt;No information&lt;br /&gt;    4. Status of Op.Storage at USCD (Abhishek)&lt;br /&gt;it looks like problems have been fixed, but Andrew has mentioned yesterday that he was still unable to access UCSD storage because of some authorization problems&lt;br /&gt;    5. Ruth has asked to discuss &quot;Storage accounting repositories&quot;. I hope Brian and/or Ted have some information&lt;br /&gt;       what it is all about.&lt;br /&gt;Ted &amp; Brian thought that Ruth was asking about gratia storage probes. If so, they are part of dcache distribution and should be enable on dcache cluster by dcache admin. The probes are reporting to gratia central server. There is no gratia storage &quot;ready&quot; reports, one should do sql query to get information. Brian was planning to write them but this task has very low priority on his list. &lt;br /&gt;    6. Tickets&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;New tickets &lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Follow up in progress:&lt;br /&gt;5231 - Setting up Opportunistic Storage at UCSD&lt;br /&gt;5232 - Third-party transfer failure between dCache and BestMan based SE using srmcp&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Old tickets&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Closed:&lt;br /&gt;4100, 4115 - dCache gsidcap authorization bug (#2169). &lt;br /&gt;5202 - srmcp returns java.io.exception&lt;br /&gt;5203 - parameters mentioned in config.xml ignored by srmclients&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Follow up in progress:&lt;br /&gt;5204 - srmcp issues - java.io.exception and requirement of 4 slashes&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;No update: &lt;br /&gt;5043 - Unable to unmount PNFS on Scientific Linux Fermi 5.1 node&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;    7. AOB&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;IMPORTANT: meeting time has been changed, it is Wednesday at 3 pm CT (Woodshed room). I will send meeting phone later.

---++ Created by:
 &lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt; -- Main.TanyaLevshina - 03 Oct 2008
