---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   *  Andrew Baranovski
   *  Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth 
   *  Neha Sharma 
   *  Tanya Levshina
   *  Alex Sim (on vacation)

---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
dcache-server 1.9.2-11 status (Tanya)

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Tanya has packaged a new release  vdt-dcache 2.3.4 with dcache-server 1.9.2-11. It was tested as a fresh install and as an upgrade just on srm node. The new release has passed all the certification tests. It should be released tomorrow to vdt.


---++ Second Agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
The content of  with vdt-dcache  2.4.0 (Tanya,Neha)
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
We have vdt-dcache 2.4.0 ready for testing. We have tested fresh installed on sl4_64 and sl5_32. Neha will do upgrade on gw cluster tomorrow. We have included new gratia probe release - 1.04.3c-1.
Tanya will update [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationGratiaDcacheProbes][Installation Guide]]. We will be looking for ITB volunteers to try this new installation as well as test the upgrade procedure.

---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Storage discovery tools and LIGO requests , progress with SCEC (Ted)
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Ted is working on a new release that will include tools requested by LIGO (local mount mapping and site name for a given surl). Still we will need to wait for the release of new a GIP in VDT to be able to get mapping information. Ted is going to  present the current status at STG meeting. We should ask Alain what needs to be done in order to include the discovery tools package into vdt. We have to discuss the release schedule with Alain. We are meeting with LIGO next Tuesday.

Two sites are ready for SCEC (Nebraska and Caltech, Florida should be ready soon), Ted is waiting for Mats to return from vacation and contact SCEC. 

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Site Admin Workshop Summary (Tanya)

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
About 15-20 people attended Storage session.  There were several Tier-3 site administrators among them.  2-3 people have installed !BeStMan-gateway and 2 administrators have installed !BeStMan-gateway - Hadoop.
Alex has given very useful presentation regarding !BeStMan-gateway limitations. He has promised to put his slides on twiki.   

---++ Fifth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
 ++++++++++++++++++++++++
 New tickets 
 ++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7325 - Bestman - Switching authentication modules in Bestman Gateway

 Follow up in progress:

7327 - dCache - srm door reports incorrect dcache version

7326 - dCache - misleading error message when using dccp to transfer data

Need to follow up:

7329 - dCache - postgresql-libs vs. apr-util

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7306 - dCache - pool alive but not functional

6813 - dCache - 1.9.2-5 upgrade- cell name missing in gridftp log

7206 - dCache - unclear error message when trying to remove non-existent file

7207- dCache - srm bug - escaping single quotes in user DN

Follow up in progress:

7305 - bestman- Finding standalone GridFTP install instructions

6907 - dCache - gPlazma module in dcache-1.9.2-5

No update:

6422 - dCache - lcg-cp hung for 8+ hours

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed
 
6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5

6971- dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

7109 - dCache - authgrouplist_pkey exceptions in catalina.out

7308 - Bestman - installing bestman from VDT

---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 13 Aug 2009
