---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Tony, Gabriele, Parag

---++ Items
   * Site Admin workshop
      * Talk went well; questions &amp; feature requests will go to osg-gip mailing list.

   * GIP 1.0.5 testing
      * One of Jeff&#39;s sites misconfigured; the other looks fine, except there&#39;s no SRM configured.
      * Suchandra&#39;s site not up yet; we&#39;ll wait to cut a release until we can test it.

   * GIP 1.2
      * Ready to cut alpha release (but not with the dCache 1.9 info provider).

   * CEMon/ReSS: multiple information sources per site
      * Tony is writing a python script to pull the proper information for the ReSS classads.  GOC is willing to throw up an ITB BDII instance on short notice for testing.

   * End-to-end information services
      * Burt will hold a meeting (announced to OSG as a whole) to discuss the work Tony&#39;s been doing on understanding end-to-end information services needs and our long-range plans.

---++ Next Meeting Friday Dec 5, 1 pm CDT
