---+!! %TOPIC%

%TOC%
---++ Introduction
 Minutes of Gratia meeting 
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008July16][July 16]] 
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes 
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++ Attending

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]. 
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]]. 
   * [[mailto:chadwick@fnal.gov][Keith Chadwick]]. 
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]]. 
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]]

---++ Apologies
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Bran Bockelman]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:dbonham@fnal.gov][Diana Bonham]]

---++ Action items from previous meeting:

---++ Release v0.34 Status of main gratia database

No longer applicable -- main Gratia database is being converted to v0.36

---++ Release v0.36 / Fermigrid Release status

Catchup complete. Need to enable housekeeping on gratia06 and swap back. Memory. Steve has made alterations to sysctl parameters, now need to test housekeeping and look for problems. Will switch over tomorrow, all being well.

---++ Release v0.38 features and schedule.

---+++ Reports

   * Charts that display running totals for chart series over time.
      * Problems with y axis scaling -- solution not obvious right now.

   * Provide report for VO&#39;s that use many sites on the distribution of usage across the sites 
      1. Main report, drillthrough report designs done. Some question over query construction.
      2. Insertion into create-build_stored_procedures.sql -- need help from Chris.

   * Clean ups of psacct reports.
      * Believed mostly complete. Couple of problems pointed out by John W. have been fixed. Tweak required to capacity calculation SQL for some reports.

   * Monthly report for emailing summarizing usage by Site for OSG VO users by DN
      * For Mats -- do-able.

   * Report summarizing non-success return codes by VO and Site. 
      * Email or BIRT?

   * [Out of scope but will ping Keith about it]: Monthly report summarizing the number of time each DN has done a voms-proxy-init (perhaps Keith C. can provide) (RR14) 
      * Not really in Gratia purview. Can be done from VOMS logs (already is for Fermigrid) but relies on VOMS server writing logs correctly (older versions would just stop writing logs).

---+++ Collector

   * log4j logging
      * Request from Fermigrid to match OSE baseline requirements of logging by day and maintenance of 31 days of logs.
      * Will attempt to have logging rationalized.

---+++ Schedule

   * Jeff&#39;s report stuff thought doable by end of next week with suitable help from Chris.
   * Unclear exactly what probe and/or collector enhancements will make it into the next release.

---++ Gratia05 and other operational issues -- Dan.

   * Email sent around. Please discuss.

---++ OSG Issues

   * GROW-UNI-P problems -- no &#39;E&#39; entries in server_priv log. Steve suggested they may be running a trunking queue. Needs to be fixed for Gratia to work.

---++ WLCG Issues

---++ Test Developments

---++ Any Other Business

   * Keith is seeing reports sent from gratia-operation -- &#39;fraction of resources used by resource owner&#39; -- where are fractions obtained from?
      * From VORS -- we are not able to alter them. Also can&#39;t deal well with sub-VO ownership (eg Minos)

---++ To be discussed later:
