---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ Production and Campus Grids - Dan Fraser

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Area_Coordinators_Production_Jan_23-2013.pdf][Area_Coordinators_Production_Jan_23-2013.pdf]]: Area_Coordinators_Production_Jan_23-2013.pdf

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-50 : Bosco webpage at the GOC - Are the requirements finished? Do we have a plan? Was the web server instantiated and content developed?

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-51 : Lightweight accounting service for campus infrastructures - Can we confirm whether the current gratia pages are appropriate?

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-45 : Storing and displaying detailed gratia reports that are emailed to various lists - Should GOC host this service, as proposed?

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-37 : Support CVMFS in OSG for multiple communities - Do we agree to accept this request and schedule production deployment for Apr 2013?

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-29 : Prepare for the LHC Shutdown Dec 2012 - 2014 - Sep: &quot;Chander and Dan have volunteered to provide requirements and context for this activity, spanning all the OSG areas&quot;. Any update?

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-36 : Prepare to resume from the LHC Shutdown Dec 2012 - 2014 - Same as above. Updates?

---+++ Minutes
Present: Rob, Dan, Miha Ahronovitz (Campus Grid), Chander, Gabriele, Tim, Shawn

Key Initiatives - Production
   1 Transition to RPMs status: sites - 63 rpm vs. 39 pacman . Proceeding fine.
   2 Investigating issues for VOs to access opportunistic cycles - Example of GLOW - Need to identify next steps.

Top Issues – Production
   1 PKI transition - Monitor and deal with the many details.
   2 New monitoring tools for glidein-based system - Gain experience with the tools and validate their usefulness.
   3 EOL for pacman - May 2013 - Maintain appropriate communication

Key Initiatives – Campus Grids
   1 Bosco as a user tool, rather than middleware. Focussing on usability, documentation, ... no new features.
   2 Miha Ahronovitz - User Interview
   3 Campus Infrastructure Center - Rob Gardner - how to adopt campus technologies

Top Concerns – Campus Grids
   1 Bosco may not meet the needs of the end users - From user interviews, the common theme is that command-line interfaces (e.g. for condor) are too hard: prefer GUI (e.g. Galaxy, MatLab). May need to develop plug-ins for products that already dominate the market.


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 23 Jan 2013


