<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> StorageActivityMeetingMinutes2010Oct06 &lt; Storage &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Storage/StorageActivityMeetingMinutes2010Oct06?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit StorageActivityMeetingMinutes2010Oct06" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Storage/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Storage/StorageActivityMeetingMinutes2010Oct06"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Storage_Storage_Activity_Meeting"></a> Storage Storage Activity Meeting Minutes 2010 Oct 06 </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> <ul>
<li> Ted Hesselroth
</li> <li> Neha Sharma
</li> <li> Doug Strain
</li> <li> Tanya Levshina
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Status_report"></a> Status report </span></h2>
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
 - bestman2 2.0.2 release follow-up
 - GUMS XACML connection trouble support - resolved with renewed CRL
 - bestman technical question support for EOS xrootd based disk pool system
</pre>
<p />
Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Worked on twiki documentation for OSG Public Storage. 
Converted text of summary to Powerpoint presentation for Software Tools Group. 
Could not attend STG meeting, but the topic was discussed and Tanya Levshina produced meeting summary. 
Based on that and subsequent email correspondence, looking at existing catalog implementations for incorporation, 
and studying a compromise in the design that would allow catalog integration to occur later in the development process, 
to the end of releasing allocation management slightly earlier than in the current plan. 
Worked on CHEP presentation for OSG Discovery Tool. 
Worked on modifying, reviewing, and testing OSG Storage documents.
</pre>
<p />
Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- Documents: 4 documents completed, 1 review finished (pending corrections), 1 document to combine/update.
- GlueX is out this week, and will look at Pigeon next week.
- RSV: working with Scot to put in next VDT version.
</pre>
<p />
Neha:
<pre class="screen">
enhanced following documents
- https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationDCacheInstall 
- https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/StorageUberFtp
- https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Storage/OpportunisticStorageUse
- https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Storage/DCacheChimera 

- scavenged what was needed/deprecated/removed references https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationSpaceResServerSetup
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationOpportunisticStorageSetup
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/StorageDcacheOverview
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationDCacheStorageElement
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/StorageDcacheOverviewHardwareLayout
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/StorageDcacheCopying

- brought up dCache services on Gridworks
- asked Dmitry for component diagram of dCache with chimera 

Meetings
-OSG Storage
</pre>
<p />
Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
OSG Storage documentation
Gratia transfer probe bug report/testing
STG & public storage meeting
Reading Final assignments of GRID summer school students
GlueX & pigeon tools installation instructions
Reading about RENCI/NERSC iRODS plans 
Updated Year4 OSG WBS for storage
</pre>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="First_agenda_item"></a> First agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Documentation
<h3><a name="Discussion"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place --> <ul>
<li> Dcache docs: two documents are waiting for a new review (reviewer: Tanya)
</li> <li> SrmClient docs: two documents should be consolidated into one (owner: Neha)
</li> <li> General storage docs - done (owner: Ted)
</li> <li> LocalStorage - several redundant pages should be combined into one ( owner: Doug, reviewer: Horst)
</li> <li> Hadoop - several docs that are referenced  from Installation guide should be returned under content management (Brian owner) and modified according Installation template.  Doug will be a reviewer for this documents. Need to find a new owner for Hadoop documentation.
</li> <li> Release documentation - Tanya is still working on BeStManXrootd document, most of the other documents have been released.
</li></ul> 
<p />
Current status: 76% of storage documents under content management are released
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Second_agenda_Item"></a> Second agenda Item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
pigeon tools &amp; new version of discovery tools in VDT
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN1"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
VDT is ready to include storage related RSV probes into test cache. Doug will have to check if rsv-pigeon tools are working with new RSV. 
Ted will notify VDT about new discovery tools version, it should be released simultaneously with pigeon RSV, 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Third_agenda_item"></a> Third agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Public storage &amp; STG meeting outcome
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN2"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place --> <ul>
<li> need Miron's approval for requirement document in order to proceed
</li> <li> modify design doc milestones (we will need to subdivide goals and deliverable, provide more realistic estimation of efforts)
</li> <li> start with allocation tools prototype and see if we can prove to stakeholder that they can benefit from them
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fourth_agenda_item"></a> Fourth agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
<p />
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN3"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
<p />
- Tickets
++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++
<p />
Closed:
<p />
17 - OSG Storage: dCache: Configuring dCache Logging to use syslog
<p />
Follow up in progress:
<p />
9336 - OSG Storage: dCache: Reregistering files with <span class="twikiNewLink">StoragePoolManager<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/StoragePoolManager?topicparent=Storage.StorageActivityMeetingMinutes2010Oct06" rel="nofollow" title="StoragePoolManager (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
<p />
++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++
<p />
Follow up in progress:
<p />
8800 - OSG Storage: Engage Access on MIT_CMS
<p />
9075 - OSG Storage: dCap: Request timing out
<p />
No update:
<p />
8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package
<p />
9073 - OSG Storage:  Summary of bestman-g issues/requests from US ATLAS
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Created_by"></a> Created by: </span></h2>
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a> - 06 Oct 2010</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Storage<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Storage/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>StorageActivityMeetingMinutes2010Oct06</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r7 - 07 Feb 2017 - 20:57:59 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianBockelman" class="twikiLink">BrianBockelman</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />