---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Brian, Chander, Tim, Rob Quick, Gabriele, Mine (Missing were Dan &amp; Shawn)

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles

Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ User Support - Chander Sehgal
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/User_Support_Report_12dec2012.pdf][User Support Report - 12 dec 2012]]

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Discuss pending requests: [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-53][REQUESTS-53]]

Discuss User Support requests: [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-13][REQUESTS-13]], [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-11][REQUESTS-11]] (no recorded timeline for req. 11)



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 11 Oct 2012


