---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Brian, Chander, TimC, RobQ, TimT, Clemmie

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Operations and Communication - Rob Quick 
   * Last Report September 3

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * Newsletter restructuring completed. 
   * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Upcoming Newsletter Articles]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGWebPresenceInventrory][Web Presence Inventory]]
      * Met with Jeff to discuss OSG Web Presence
         * Due to other operational issues I have not followed up
         * Face to Face with Clemmie, Chander, Ruth on Thursday
      * Effort for consolidation and reworking of webpages is non-existent 
---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Resources to do a full rework of the webpages into a new layout. 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. Development of Staff
      * !HTCondorCE Training Completed - [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/HTCondorCETraining][Link to Agenda and Material]]
      * Elizabeth will train on Security Review for new VOs
      * Vince working with Jose on OASIS2     
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
      * Soichi is putting focus on this project. 
         * Mesh Config work nearly completed. 
      * Internal Networking Issues being worked out.
      * Plans for hardware and archiving being discussed. 
   4. OSG Connect
      * We now have participation in the weekly Operations Meeting.
      * Transitioning some administration to Operations, formal discussions have not yet started. 
      * Discussions at Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting in early December about how to fit in the OSG Topology
      * Possibly hosting SWC Workshop at IU in January
   5. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
         * Training Completed
         * Working out HA details for Info Service
         * Kevin working on incident response drill
         * Working with SAM team to validate CE Monitoring
   6. New hardware for XD-LOGIN installed
      * Repurposing of old hardware to a production iRODS service.
         * Some difficulties encountered still ongoing 
         * Possible reconfiguration to use additional disk for PerfSONAR in discussion
   7. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity
   8. WLCG Accounting
      * Multicore Accounting Discussion started
   9. Operations QA Metrics and Processes
      * Created QA Doc [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket][here]]
   10. Discussion of how new technologies can benefit OSG Ops
      * Docker, !OpenStack, 
      * Can our somewhat organic growth be controlled by a layered architecture?

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   1. Service Additions Adding Up - &quot;Currently sustainable but there are limits&quot;
      * OASIS - Version 2.0 - See below
      * !PerfSONAR data store and visualization
      * iRODS
      * !CondorCE Info Service
      * Asked to host the SPLInter Portal 
      * Others?
   2. OASIS v2
      * Still in a holding pattern
      * I hear this is close to being available for testing
         * This is something I&#39;ve heard for the past 8-9 months
   4. !PerfSONAR
      * Long term data storage and curation. 
      * Networking for LHCONE Datastore at IU
   5. Gratia Web
      * Unstable, possible memory leak. [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/23130][Ticket]]
   6. OSG Connect 
      * Account Administration
      * Communication - Getting better but still could be more active
      * Topology
   7. LHC Restart

---++ Validate schedule of future Area Coordinator Calls

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Discuss updates to https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-70  (production access to GPUs)

---++ Minutes



-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 05 Nov 2014
