---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Nov18][November 18]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

Chris:  v1.06/12 will to VDT this afternoon.   

Philippe: We recommend RSV to install it (it includes cleaning up old Metric Records.

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

Chris: The housecleaning of the osg Transfer database has not yet got up.

---++RSV

Arvind: I am impatiently for a new release.

Philippe: Yes we will make a release to VDT later today that will fix your problems. 

---+OSG Issues

Brian:  Who should we push to update?

Chris: Nebraska for sure.  

Brian: Nebraska had a configuration issue with 2 probes not sending and one probe data was being replicated inadvertently.

Brian: November 16, 2:10 GMT is the start of the new probes (well the 3rd one that was actually working).
pbs:ff.unl.edu

Philippe: Yes once the data is uploaded we will cleanup the bad data.    The main driver is to get done before December 15.

Brian: We are putting up a OSG display for the DOE

---+WLCG 

---+Fermi/CD

Chris: Dan Holgren will take a look at the data collected for QCD.

---+Developments

---++BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

Philippe:  The probe is progressing nicely.   Some disagreement are left in the data content.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Karthik:  I am hoping to finish the efficiency reports today.  

Chris: I will take a look at adding the field of science to the site reports.

---++FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

---+Any Other Business

Philippe: There will be no Gratia meeting during the last 2 week of December.   Chris will lead any meetings in January.

---++To be discussed later:
