---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Chander, Gabriele, Shawn, Brian, Mine

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/2013WorkPlanRetreat][OSG Planning Retreat on June 4-6 in Madison]]

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]


---+++ Networking -  Shawn !McKee
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-May13-Networking.pptx][OSG-AC-May13-Networking.pptx]]: OSG AC Networking Area Update - May 22, 2013

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

No requests associated with Networking area

---+++ Minutes
Key Initiatives
   1. OSG modular dashboard: on track for a beta release at the GOC by May 28. Currently deploying a development release with minimal data gathering.
   2. Improvements to the perfSONAR-PS toolkit for OSG: the area depends on the new release (v3.3) before it can push the deployment to non-LHC sites. Expect release by mid June. Involving Software area for the packaging and deployment instructions and Production area for contacts with sites. 
   3.  Documentation on network tools and troubleshooting. Document is finalized but received no feedback yet.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Beta release of the modular dashboard: central configuration management mechanism (&quot;mesh-config&quot;) not finalized. Need to verify access capability of  clients external to OSG.
   2. Development of the modular dashboard is still short-staffed: this level of effort needs to be taken into account for the planning of year-2 milestones. Recruited effort at UMich to mitigate. Need more work on various functionalities, mainly GUI and visualization.
   3. Need to develop arguments to encourage small sites to install perfSONAR. The concern at sites is probably the commitment and the cost of maintenance. The value proposition is enabling OSG to help in troubleshooting network issues at a site. The OSG risk for a site not deploying perfSONAR depends on the likelihood of a problem at the site and the availability of local site expertise.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Testing of perfSONAR-PS v3.3 release candidates: improving configurations, bug fixes, etc.
   2. Mesh-configuration prototype, using &quot;includes&quot; to manage common configuration. Still need integration with site registration at OIM.
   3. Successful campaign for letters of support for perfSONAR-PS. Aim to maintaining the current level of support from I2 / ESNet. This is to mitigate the risk of delays in the program of the networking area.
   4. Produced documentation on installing PS and network troubleshooting.

On the horizon
   1. Develop OSG-centered documentation for users of network information.
   2. Understand how to best support a diverse set of clients for the networking data in OSG

-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 22 May 2013

