---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Chander Sehgal - User Support

---+++ Attendees
Brian Bockelman, Jim Weichel, Mine Altunay, Chander Sehgal, Dan Fraser, Alain Roy, Rob Quick

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

   * Should we ask Andre Barbosa to use a NEES proxy while submitting jobs to the Engage front-end; thus usage will show in the NEES VO  - Gabriele to investigate

   * Can we populate the OSG storage end-points in the Globus Online database - Tanya to investigate

   * Brian indicated that there is a lot of recent activity in ATLAS regarding CVMFS; does that change the outlook for GEANT4 running on OSG - Gabriele is asked to re-evaluate

   * Security team needs to review with the OSG-ET the policy we currently have in-place for VOs and their Users to explicitly agree to certain requiements - Mine is asked to lead this topic


---+++ Area Status Update

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/User_Support__Report_9nov2011.pdf][OSG User Support Report - 9nov2011]] - Chander Sehgal





-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 05 Oct 2011


