---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  06/29/06


---++ AGENDA

(1) OSG Consortium Meeting Aug 21-23 - Eileen
               who will be going?  what can we get done there?

(2) Status update on UltraLight SE testing -  Surya

(3) SE on OSG &quot;How-To&quot; Discussion - Surya, Eileen
         status update, work done.

(4) Brainstorm Topics to Add to Wiki - Eileen
         part of the &quot;How-To&quot; 

---++ Attending
   * Eileen Berman (FNAL)
   * Surya Pathak (Vanderbilt) 
   * Rob Kennedy (FNAL)
   * Abhishek Rana (Sab Diego)
   * David Myers (Ligo)



---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ OSG Consortium Meeting

Eileen Asked: Who all be attending any ideas...

Surya: Most of the storage group goes

Eileen: Maybe we should have a BOF session

Surya: Ruth in an earlier email said there is going to be a parallel session on storage and data management

Eileen: David and Abhsishek are also planning to go. We should plan what we want to do

David: We should definitely have a BOF

Eileen: We still don&#39;t know what&#39;s Ruth agenda for the consortium meeting

David: Put the BOF on the agenda


---+++ Status on Ultralight testing

Eileen: Surya is going to update

Surya: We have done intial profiling done with data being moved between vanderbilt and 3 different ultralight sites (Caltech,Florida and michigan). We are saturating the I2 pipe here qquite easily and sustained (for as long as we want). Its not much and we are now setting up to repea the test on the ultralight network. The initial testing s going to between Michigan and florida. After this we are going to mobve on to netwrok tuning and then follow it up with the parameter sweep.

David: Can you share the information of these tests especially the paramater sweep.

Surya: Sure thing.... 


---+++ OSG &quot;how to&quot; discussion and add to wiki (Action item 3 and 4 combined)


Eileen: How should we get the information. Shall i send out my thoughts in ana email

Surya: Wiki could be used

Eileen: Structured wiki with categories to be added and edited by the entire Storage group may be the solution  

Eileen: In the consortium meeting we should find out if end users don&#39;t feel that they belong to the or they do not find it interesting. This is something we may want to find out  

Surya: What we need to do is that during the BOF to advertize TGStorage and characterize the end users (users/developers/users-developers)

Abhishek: We should add site administrators as a seperate groups along side users. In the past we have not seen many users on the TG Storage groups. Maybe if it can be rechartered and have representatives from the site admin/users/developers group in the meeting it would be good.

Eileen: It would be difficult to enforce attendance. There will be a core group of people who would attend everytime...and then rest of the group attends as per needs basis


To do things: 

1. Brain storming list (Eileen)
2. Put BOF on the agneda (Eileen)
3. Instructions for ws.rc (Surya)


&lt;!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
 DEAR DOCUMENT OWNER
 ===================

 Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local OWNER = PaulSheldon

 Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
 DOC_AREA = (ComputeElement|Storage|VO|Security|User|Monitoring|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Operations|Tier3)
   * Local DOC_AREA       = Storage

 define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
 DOC_ROLE = (EndUser|Student|Developer|SysAdmin|VOManager)
   * Local DOC_ROLE       = SysAdmin

 Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
 DOC_TYPE = (Troubleshooting|Training|Installation|HowTo|Planning|Navigation|Knowledge)
   * Local DOC_TYPE       = Installation
  Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = %NO%

 Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_TEST   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local REVIEW_READY   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be tested and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local TEST_READY     = %NO%

 change to %YES% only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release
   * Local RELEASE_READY  = %YES%


 DEAR DOCUMENT REVIEWER
 ======================

 Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local REVIEWER       = FirstName
 Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local REVIEW_PASSED  = %NO%


 DEAR DOCUMENT TESTER
 ====================

 Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local TESTER         = FirstLast
 Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local TEST_PASSED    = %NO%
############################################################################################################
--&gt;
