%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda/Minutes November 22, 2005

   * Tuesdays 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Stan N., Doug O., Rob (intro of Tim), Tim Silvers, Burt, Lisa, Alan

---++Previous Meeting notes

Two weeks ago - Operations.MinutesNovember8

   * Registration Acknowledgements - any news?
   * VO Privilege page in VO registration - status? (ask Kyle?)
   * Update to registration instructions - Doug? (still pending)


---++ Consortium Meeting January 23-26 in Florida

Thoughts on agenda?

   * support interop with EGEE, TG, ...?
   * support center agreements?
   * other?
   * parallel sessions
      * Tuesday AM - Operations &amp; Support
         * agreements
         * community support
         * knowledgebase
         * metrics for support centers
      * Wednesday AM - Operations interfaces with: other grids, support centers, ...
         * ticket exchange
         * metrics, accounting?, ...

---++Operations Activity Issues

---+++ OSG website hack &amp; lessons for OSG procedures

What happened, what did and did not go right?

   * At 11:04am CT, Nov. 17 D.P. sent [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0511c&amp;L=osg-docs&amp;T=0&amp;F=&amp;S=&amp;P=72][notice]] to osg-docs &amp; several GOC individuals about mambo vulnerbility
      * Should notice have gone other places? How does one know what places to go?  How about !webmaster@osg?
      * What happened next?
   * At 11:14am CT on Nov. 18 S.T. sent [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0511c&amp;L=osg-docs&amp;T=0&amp;F=&amp;S=&amp;P=554][notice]] to GOC, osg-operations, osg-docs, tg-security that www.opensciencegrid.org was hacked.

Lisa - looked for list of VOs &amp; admins yesterday but was missing from web site, there today though. Opened a ticket in Remedy &amp; pushed it to GOC but did not see any email. A GOC ticket was created (576) but maybe something is not quite communicating.

---+++Re-Review updated SOPs

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPScRegistration - (review at ops meeting rather than SC meeting) - OK &amp; accepted

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPRsRegistration - (related topic is to review red sites at weekly ops meeting) - OK, accepted

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/CriticalUpdateSOPv2 - (updates made to page) - needs update to diagram to reflect words accepted

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPVoRegistration-v2 - (add request to IEB to review VO purpose URL) - OK, accepted

---+++ Ops meeting suggestions

   * get statistics from support centers tickets, etc. at weekly meeting

---++Community Support Activity Issues

   * useful to getting more people attending
   * IU KB is now populated with some examples, evaluation of the technology not happened yet
      * evaluation will be a topic in a December meeting

---++ Other topics

Alan - need to have identified who is responsible for a service and how to contact them for urgent issues, we had an example recently with a change to VOMRS.

-- Main.DougOlson - 21 Nov 2005
