---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Feb27][February 27]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.
&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

John W: 2. InnoDB cutover procedure
   - doc https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/GratiaReleaseInnodb
   - Philippe has converted all but gratia_itb and gratia
   - these two will follow the, currently incomplete, doc on the url  above as it will
      serve as the basis for future conversions to minimize gratia downtime.

John W: 3. New backup procedures using Zamanda Recorvery Manager
   - reading doc and getting familar with how it works.  Philippe has been doing the implementation.

---++OSG Issues

---++Collector

Penelope: 1. Administrative login
      first implementation of the interface is on gratiax21
        
http://gratiax21.fnal.gov:8884/gratia-administration/administration.html
       (John request a certificate for this system...)

John: 1. Administrative login
   - completed design doc 
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/GratiaAccessLoginSpecification 

   - requested host/http certs for gratiax21 so this can be tested there
   - we will also need to bring down one of the vdt certificates package  for updates and crls.
we will have to have to do this on the production nodes when we cut this feature in.
      Question in my mind is do browsers use the CRL lists?  I don&#39;t know.

Penelope/John: the administration is now in Margherita&#39;s court.

---++Report development

Penelope: Static reports: Fixed problem. Code in cvs

John W: 4. Static reports problem
   - Penelope resolved the problem
   - I tested and all is well

Penelope: I will not be able to add any of the planned report for 0.34

---++Probes

---++Test Bed

John U: Working on script to load test data into VOMS for John Weigand.

John W:5. Testbed
   - Spec&#39;d (verbally) the changes needed to the installation scripts 
for VOMS on gratiax34 to allow for the population of test data (VOs, Groups, Roles and Members).
   - All gratia developers will be added to these VOs allowing us to 
submit jobs and collect
      accounting data for a variety of VOs/FQANs in a controlled manner.
   - This allows us to create our own Gratia Test Grid.  The next step 
will be to point the GUMS on gratiax35 to it so authorizations  from x31 and x32 (and others 
as they are set up) are performed in this Test Grid environment.

---++Any Other Business

Chris:

Please send in your report via email prior to the meeting.
  
Look at consequences of record purging from fragmented tables. 

DN always written where available, overrides KeyInfo. 

Look at Gratia probe problems at NERSC and Nebraska. 

Get probes ready for release. 

Facility to suppress records without DN info. 

Liaise with Alain on collector features and dCache packaging for OSG 1.0. 

Disable DN/FQAN facility pending collector change in MD5SUM to prevent record duplication. 

Try to diagnose and fix secure-upload problems. Trouble with self-signed certs and dynamically refreshing the keystore in-memory. Mail sent to Greg Richardson, no reply; some practical help from Brian B, trying to incorporate and see how far we get. 

Requests from sites for probe monitoring facilities to include ability to handle glexec probes (ie one per node). 

Final (hopefully) debugging of dcache probes. 

Work with sysadmins to get latest probes on FNAL nodes. 

Help localize cause of corruption on ITB due to duplication of handshaking info within a record. 

Discussions with Xin on resource labeling and trends in condor clusters esp campusgrids. 


---++To be discussed later
