---+ OSG Executive Board Meeting - May 9, 2008 


[[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1554][Agenda and Logistics]]


---++ *Attendees*
Chander, Kent, Paul, Miron, Alain, Sebastien, Maxim, Rich, Ruth, Gabriele, Patrick, Gene, Philippe, Dan, BrianB, BrianT, Frank

---++ *Added to Action Item Register*
|20	|New|	Miron|	Ruth	|5/9/08	|	EB	|	Gabriele Garzoglio	|Discuss COndor-G collector sending data to RESS	||
|21|	New	|	Ruth	| |5/9/08		|EB		||	OSG view of support for XEN for STAR	||
|22|	New|	Mine	|Ruth|	5/9/08		|EB	||		What is policy of data privacy and retention when Member leaves the OSG?	||
|23|	New	|	Ruth	||5/9/08		|EB		|Gabriele Garzoglio	|Comments on GLUE V2. Is there any impact on OSG||
|24|	New|	Ruth	|Ruth	|5/9/08		|EB		|Gabriele Garzoglio	|is RESS an external project/service? Where is the agreement?||
|25|	New|	Ruth	|Ruth	|5/9/08		|EB		|Philippe Canal	|A few Requirements are not yet scheduled:Encryption and obfuscation of the DN.Privacy (Allowing for some of the data to be seen only when logging in)Complete detection and reporting of &amp;#8216;missing&amp;#8217; data.This proved harder to do, ||
---++ *Other notes*

   * Revise Metrics to include LHC, LIGO goals. Once agreed by EB/Council approach the JOT.
   * Mine to talk to Kent, FKW and update the Privacy Policy as needed. How do we address when VO and Site have incompatible privacy needs? (e.g. accounting data). Sites/VOs to sign policy annually.
   * Start accounting effort for Paperwork and Beaurocracy and worth
   * For Year 3 planning: 
      * Ease of Installation
      * Ease transition for VOs to join OSG
      * Progress on Securing the Facility
      * Ensure good reporting to the WLCG
      * Meet scale needed by LHC.

-- Main.RuthPordes - 10 May 2008
