---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
 &lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt; 
   * Brian Bockelman 
   * Ted Hesselroth 
   * Abhishek Rana 
   * Neha Sharma 
   * Alex Sim 
   * Tanya Levshina 

---++ Agenda items
 &lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

1. D0 issues.&lt;br /&gt;Abhishek reported that D0 is making a good progress. UCSD has made modification on CE node to limit the number of simultaneously submitted D0 jobs and it looks like D0 is able to use this site productively. There is no feedback from MIT and we need to discuss with Purdue the status of Opportunistic Storage. Abhishek has promised to contact both sites.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;2. SBGrid.&lt;br /&gt;BeStMan RSV probes issue has been resolved. Goc ticket has been updated.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;3. Gratia probes for BeStMan:&lt;br /&gt; Brian will re-use code written for GIP/BeStMan to create gratia storage probe for BeStMan&lt;br /&gt; Andrew will use existing gratia-transfer-probe for dcache and gridftp log parser provided by Dan Gunter to &lt;br /&gt; create gratia transfer probe for BeStMan&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;4. Brian will implement time stamp in gratia dcahe probes to decrease the number of records sent to gratia on startup. &lt;br /&gt;Tanya has to submit a ticket to GOC for reminder &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;5. All BeStMan-gateway/xrootd software is in VDT, all but xrootd could be configured and start/stop by using vdt scripts. Tanya asked for feed back on Installation Guide from BeStMan and Xrootd teams&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;6. Neha asked for feedback for documentation update. Documentation can be found at:&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;l&quot; href=&quot;https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/WebHome&quot;&gt;https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/WebHome&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Storage related documentation exist under following sections:&lt;br /&gt;End Users: OSG Storage Element&lt;br /&gt;Resource and site administrators: Storage Element administrators&lt;br /&gt;Application Developers: OSG Storage Element&lt;br /&gt;Installation and update tools: Installation Guides/Storage Elements&lt;br /&gt;OSG software: current release: Overview of OSG Services/Storage Element&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Abhishek pointed out on some obsolete links. Neha will re-design them.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;7. Ted and Tanya have provided a quick summary of dcache workshop at Fermilab (details at &lt;a target=&quot;l&quot; href=&quot;http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=2085%29&quot;&gt;http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=2085)&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;8. Tickets&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;New tickets &lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Closed:&lt;br /&gt;5640 - Getting Pool Name for a file using dcap&lt;br /&gt;5646 - Reading file in SRM&lt;br /&gt;5647 - Using dccp to copy files in reserved area&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Old tickets &lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Closed:&lt;br /&gt;5586 - Incorrect file size determination by srmls causing srmcp to fail&lt;br /&gt;5585 - File concatenation in dCache&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Follow up in progress: &lt;br /&gt;5627 - cleaning up orphan files&lt;br /&gt;5629 - cleaning up files belonging to non-existent pools&lt;br /&gt;5448 - gridftp door returning private ip address at Caltech&lt;br /&gt;5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;No update:&lt;br /&gt;5542 - Directory creation unreliable using gridftp door&lt;br /&gt;5626 - SRM_FAILURE error when transferring files between two srms using certificate key&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt; &lt;table width=&quot;100%&quot; cellspacing=&quot;1&quot; cellpadding=&quot;2&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

---++ Created by:
 &lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt; -- Main.TanyaLevshina - 03 Oct 2008
