---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Feb20][February 20]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.
&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

Innodb migration:
   * Measure restore time.
   * Finishing backup plan.
   * setup the backup for all schemas.
   * Convert all but production, psacct and osg_daily.
   * Convert production (multi-steps).

---++OSG Issues

---++Collector

John:   1. Administrative login  specification
    
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/GratiaAccessLoginSpecification
    ... accessible from the main Accounting twiki page here:
    
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/WebHome#Gratia_Login_Access_Requirements

3. Gram Auditing
    a. responded to some questions related to Gram Trash/Auditing by Shawn McKee.
        Really have no clue what use they want to make of it.  Got no reply asking
        for that.
    b. There have been several threads, even outside OSG, asking for the 
same information (VO/FQAN/DN) that we have requested.  Trying to keep up
with these.  Stu Martin intends to summarize these and propose 
changes. Assume this would be in the Globus 4.2 timeframe, not for  OSG 1.0

---++Report development

Jeff: A new suite of process accounting reports is now complete and ready for deployment. 

Penelope and Jeff attended an online meeting with Actuate to view demonstration of interactive query and design products that they offer.  The products are quite powerful and could provide useful adhoc query functionality for a set of key Fermi users e.g. for process accounting views.

John W: Determined the problem with the static reports in v0.33.  Caused 
by changes to the checkDateParameters.jsp for frame location and capturing 
query times.  Penelope will resolve.  Chris was very instrumental in 
finding the problem..

---++Probes

Chris: DN/FQAN facility done; tested under Condor. Jobmanager script for 4.0.6 updated and patch sent to Alain. Should be able to test on Alan Sill&#39;s TTU_TESTWULF. 
Contacts with Brian B. on reconciliation issues with other metrics (solved).

Chris:
Bug-squashing on authenticated probe uploads. 
Currently wrestling with four issues: 
   * Utility library dependencies; 
   * Keystore / DB synchronization and certificate recognition. 
   * Updating of keystore without resetting all open connections. 
   * Registration mechanism for replicating collectors not straightforward with the current replication page format.

---++Test Bed

John W: Test bed
    a. Started on the script to load test data into the VOMS server on 
gratiax34 for initial use in the the admin login testing. Next step will be to 
point the GUMS server on gratiax35 to use as the source of VO membership for testing.
    b. showed Penelope how to manually update VOMS on gratiax34 so she
        can create the test conditions necessary to test the voms admin

---++Any Other Business

Jeff: Process Accounting Requirements Draft briefing held on Tuesday, February 26. Unfortunately few attendees. Next steps will need to be discussed at least with Igor M. , Mark K. Philippe and Jeff.

---++To be discussed later:
