<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> 20061102AgendaMinutes &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit 20061102AgendaMinutes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TWISTYPLUGIN_TWISTY--><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.css");
</style>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js'></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiPref.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// <![CDATA[
var styleText = '<style type="text/css" media="all">.twikiMakeVisible{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleInline{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleBlock{display:block;}.twikiMakeHidden{display:none;}</style>';
document.write(styleText);
// ]]>
</script>

<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>

<!--TABLEPLUGIN_twikiAttachmentsTable--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:top;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {background-color:#eceef2;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#e0e3e9;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#ffffff;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#f2f3f6;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol0 {text-align:center;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol1 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol2 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol3 {text-align:right;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol4 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol5 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol6 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol7 {text-align:center;}
</style></head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="OSG_Executive_Team_Meeting_26_Oc"></a>  OSG Executive Team Meeting 26 October 2006 </h1>
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Agenda"> Agenda</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Pending_Action_Items_new_item_to">  Pending Action Items (new item to be started this week)</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Status_of_VOs_planning_Productio"> Status of VOs planning Production Runs - report next week</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Review_and_status_of_Plans_SOWs"> Review and status of Plans, SOWs and Subcontracts - Kent, Miron</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#OSG_0_6_0_Release_status"> OSG 0.6.0 Release status</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#VDT_release_status_Alain"> VDT release status - - Alain</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Trash_Trash_Integration_Worry_Li"> Trash/Trash/Integration Worry List --- Rob</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Partnership_Issues"> Partnership Issues </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#AOB"> AOB</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </span></h2>
Mike, Doug, Alain, Kent, Ruth, Frank, Rob, Miron
<p />
<h3><a name="Pending_Action_Items_new_item_to"></a> Pending Action Items (new item to be started this week) </h3>
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table cellspacing="0" id="table1" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="cols" border="1">
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> Item </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> Date due </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol"> Status </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> Complete Project Plan to Agencies </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> Dec 1 </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> Draft available before the meeting </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_of_VOs_planning_Productio"></a> Status of VOs planning Production Runs - report next week </h3>
<h3><a name="Review_and_status_of_Plans_SOWs"></a> Review and status of Plans, SOWs and Subcontracts - Kent, Miron </h3> <ul>
<li> 1 signed by PI, 1 signed by ED, 2 signed by RM, 7 in preparation, 6  with PIs. (total 17)
</li></ul> 
<a href="http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/" target="_top">SOWs</a>  <ul>
<li> Status of the project plan.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="OSG_0_6_0_Release_status"></a> OSG 0.6.0 Release status </h3>
<h4><a name="VDT_release_status_Alain"></a> VDT release status - - Alain </h4>
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4" target="_top">VDTStatus</a>
<p />
Highlights:
<p />
1) Automatic testing of in-place upgrading was slower than expected, but Tim found and fixed a bunch of bugs related to it, so it was very worthwhile.
<p />
2) We've begun work on side-by-side installations. We're working on a subtask that might initially seem irrelevant, but is a large part of it: starting up and shutting down services properly. The process for a side-by-side install will be:
<p />
  Leave old VDT running
  Install new VDT
  Shutdown old VDT
  Startup new VDT
<p />
This part is nearly done. We haven't yet made progress on preserving configuration, but that will happen immediately
<p />
3) We've got a new version of Globus with various bug fixes and patches. This let us rebuild lots of other components so we can support new platforms that people want. (Like EGEE and other folks want SL4.)
<p />
Comments: Need to understand the gLITE interoperability tools better before any work is done. CMS unwinds the full gLITE tar ball into $OSG_APP/gLITE; look at ATLAS list from Seattle meeting
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/TechnicalRoadmapSession" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/TechnicalRoadmapSession</a>   
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/AtlasWishList060" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/AtlasWishList060</a>  -- Miron
Action item: to define the next step. Ruth with call meeting of VO liaisons operating across OSG and EGEE to tell OSG what they need. VDT needs to do nothing.
<p />
Miron: RPM discussion and implications. Pacman is very finicky and if you have to patch anything need to restart with Pacman. Should VDT include other ways to provide and install packages. Propose an offline discussion of this issues soon.
<p />
<h4><a name="Trash_Trash_Integration_Worry_Li"></a> Trash/Trash/Integration Worry List --- Rob </h4>
<p />
1a) We do not have a clear plan for an information system
Yes, we have BDII now, but its practical implementation is unclear:
 - schema attributes are not well defined
 - site-level configuration issues, interplay with CEMon
 - no clear guidance on OSG-system-wide configuration
 - or for VO-specific information systems, and interop with LCG, TG
 - no best practice utilities for applications; still can't answer
   simple questions like what is site x's policy/queue priority
   for my VO
 - introducing CEMon - first as an option - now required?
<p />
Discussion: 
Miron: work with Leigh on addressing the CEMON and BDII issue. Prototype in place for  sites only running CEMON and information collected by GOC and advertised towards WLCG as an OSG Service. This will alleviate need to run BDII to run on individual sites. Scalability work needed. Need to check CMS applications work. Ask Burt for details and to test the prototype. Can we organize the information to be less sensitive to temporary outages of information - requires intelligence at the aggregation point.  Leigh is the project lead of this activity.
GIP work is expected at the <span class="twikiNewLink">UofIowa<a href="/bin/edit/Management/UofIowa?topicparent=Management.20061102AgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="UofIowa (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> as part of their work for CMS.
<p />
1b) Accounting and Privledge
Both come from outside projects
 - ML accounting cumbersome, incomplete, inconsistent
 - Gratia accounting - ?
 - GUMS support, config
<p />
Discussion: No Gratia in the Trash/Trash/Integration Testbed yet. Should we have a patch to VDT 1.4.0 for installation of the RPMs for Gratia for ITB 0.5.1 to install and test. Rob and Alain will talk offline. Training for GUMS. Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions and then BNL are picking up the support. 
<p />
2) OSG dashboard-like testing
 - site-verify.sh, gridcat, deprecated acdc-dashboard, vors:  a real mix
  here, in transition
 - need resources to produce a clear winner that will be suitable for
  site admins and app developers
<p />
Discussion: Lacking quality of tools for validation and well run and maintained services at a site. Need effort for this. Leigh leading this effort. Postpone to next meeting. ?0.5 FTE at Indiana, ?0.5 FTE at LBNL for Storage. Ruth/Miron talk offline on this. Write down the specs and then look for implementers.  Specs being written and gathered by Leigh. 
<p />
3) Application and fabric best practices
 - NFSlite work done as a contributed effort for condor scheduler
for a worthy problem (removing requirement for a NFS shared
filesystem) but no effort for PBS nor a rigorous review of this
option.  But no alternative either.
- Since OSG sites are quite heterogenous, not only the resources,
behind but the site-specific deployment styles (site level differences
not advertised) app developers have a tough go and on the flip
side easily abuse a site's resources.
<p />
Discussion: Important area to address. Needs a broader discussion for schedulers other than condor and affects performance and how facilities are constructed. especially for smaller sites. Make sure this is propagated. Never do anything that does not require careful configuration. Just in time scheduling  makes head node configuration simpler and can alleviate the problem. 
<p />
4) CE Storage and OSG SEs
- management of job and multi-job local storage:
   &gt; differences in sites: nfs-shared vs srm-dcache only options
   &gt; job-level protocol to use
   &gt; staging preference
   &gt; how are VOs allowed to use this storage
   &gt; management of worker-node storage
      --- local scratch abuse, debris
<p />
Discussion: Squid?
<p />
5) Documentation support load
 - the ITB group is being asked to ready documentation that was once done
by the Provisioning activity - that is, preparing deployment-quality
documentation
<p />
Discussion: Management documentation.  Not right mix of skills in ITB effort for documentation. 
6) Process
 - Schedule - we've not been using a rigorous schedule with a deadline,
  but creating ITB releases based on VDT releases with the rough
  but indefinite goal of "0.6.0".
 - Priorities for services
<p />
Discussion: more efficient to use ITB effort possibly available for work for 1 month from 15Nov-15Dec.
<p />
<h3><a name="Partnership_Issues"></a> Partnership Issues </h3> <ul>
<li> EGEE - report from discussion with EGEE management on VOMS/VOMRS
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20061102AgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - top 5 OSG issues to be posted by meeting
</li> <li> Other?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </h3> <ul>
<li> NERSC allocation - how to allocate VO use
</li> <li> OISE Copenhagen meeting - any issues? 
</li> <li> Operations Coordinator Report -- Leigh
</li></ul> 
1) Trash/Engagement VO status:
<p />
     The vo addition process includes showing up at the Monday 
     Operations meeting to represent the new VO. This week
     no one from the Egagement VO attended, so this will be
     rescheduled for next week. SOP ref:
<p />
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPVoRegistration-v3" target="_top">SOPVORegistration</a>
<p />
  2) Support Center Attendance table.
<p />
    The operations meetings should be attended by Support Centers
    esp. when they have open tickets. To give more visibility to
    this I gathered the data since Sept 11 2006 on SC attendance for
    review.
<p />
<a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/AttendanceStats1006" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/AttendanceStats1006</a>
<p />
  3) Identifing technical effort to work on EGEE/WLCG/OSG interoperability. 
<p />
      The bulk of the policy and procedure development work has been
      in operations and in this management team. It seems there are
      now several technical challenges in the softwawre development
      area, for instanse, SFTs and accounting interoperability. Could a
      plan for meeting these challenges be discussed?
<p />
 Lastly, I would like to ask that this team decide if IU GOC is a partner 
 or not, as Katie seems to suggest that we are not, but then she was
 also mistaken about the Council membership for the IU GOC.
 It is my understanding that the IU GOC became and OSG partner last 
 year with the Council membership.  Additionally, IU has funded 50% of 
 OSG Operations activies for the past 2 years outside of iVDGL funding. 
<p />
Clarification from Ruth: I talked to Marcia and she is adding iGOC as we speak to the partners list - rather than assuming it is under IU in the members list. We talked a bit about members and partners and Marcia will be looking for some definitions from us as to the difference - from your mail below this seems like it is needed also.
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> - 02 Nov 2006</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
<div class="twikinetRounded twikinetRoundedAttachments"><div class="rCRounded"><div class="rCTR"><div class="rCTL"></div><!--/rCTL--><div class="twikiAttachments">
<div class="twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline">  <span id="topicattachmentslistshow" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleopen.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span> <span id="topicattachmentslisthide" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleclose.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span>  </div><!--/twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline--> <div class="twistyPlugin"><div id="topicattachmentslisttoggle" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyContent twikiMakeHidden twistyInited">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table summary="Topic attachments" cellspacing="0" id="twikiAttachmentsTable" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="rows" border="1"><caption>Topic attachments</caption>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?cover=print;sortcol=0;table=2;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">I</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?cover=print;sortcol=1;table=2;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Attachment</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?cover=print;sortcol=2;table=2;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Action</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol3"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?cover=print;sortcol=3;table=2;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Size</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol4"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?cover=print;sortcol=4;table=2;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Date</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?cover=print;sortcol=5;table=2;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Who</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?cover=print;sortcol=6;table=2;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Comment</font></a> </th>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <img width="16" alt="else" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/else.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">0-v4</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes/VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4">VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/attach/Management/20061102AgendaMinutes?filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3 twikiLast"> 35.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4 twikiLast"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">02 Nov 2006 - 22:23</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/UnknownUser" class="twikiLink">UnknownUser</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> VDT Worklist for OSG 1.0 </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</div></div> <!--/twistyPlugin--></div><!--//twikiAttachments--></div><!--/rCTR--><div class="rCBR"><div class="rCBL"></div><!--/rCBL--></div><!--/rCBR--></div><!--/rCRounded--></div><!--/twikinetRounded--></div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>20061102AgendaMinutes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r13 - 16 Oct 2016 - 23:14:19 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/ElizabethChism" class="twikiLink">ElizabethChism</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />