---+ Operations Meeting April 20, 2009

   * 13:00 Eastern 
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999 

Attending: Rob, Fred, Arvind, Sam Hoover, Robert Rusinko, Elizabeth, Kyle, Levinth, Karthik, Mats, Wayne Betts, Tom Lee, Chris, Soichi

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Operations/Minutes2009April13][previous meeting]]
   * Steve Timm VORS discussion - being resolved in lengthy emails.

---++ Hot Topics for the week
   * [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/][MyOSG]] has been released under production status. 
      * [[http://code.google.com/p/osggoc/issues/list?can=2&amp;q=label%3Aapplication%20label%3AMyosg%20status%3AAccepted%2CWorking][Feature requests, ongoing work]] toward [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2009/04/vors-deprecation-plans.html][VORS deprecation]]. If you believe you use VORS, and the feature you are using is not listed in the requests on the above link, please put [[http://code.google.com/p/osggoc/issues/entry][new request in]] or contact GOC.
   * OIMv2 Alpha release coming up. 
      * Please contact GOC if you use OIM-based CSV machine-readable views. So far Doug Olson and Gratia team have indicated their use of this.
   * OSG V1.0.1 is projected for Wednesday
   * August Site Admins Meeting Registration is now available at http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2497

---++ OSG RA Items &amp; CA Questions 


---++ Pending Registrations

VO - FermiLabMu2e - subVO

Resource Registration

| Name | Support Center | !ResURL | Site_Verify Status | Other Info | Ticket |


---++ Resources Removed from OSG

---++ GOC Tickets

---+++ Relevant URLs
   * [[https://oim.grid.iu.edu/gocticket/opentickets][Open GOC Tickets]] | [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/reports/ticketreports.html][OSG Operations Metrics]] 

---+++ Tickets to discuss on call:

| Ticket # | Support Center | Action/Summary | Last Action Date | GOCAssignee | Notes |
| [[https://oim.grid.iu.edu/gocticket/viewer?id=6506][6506]] | USATLAS | Needs response from ATLAS | March 9th | Rob | Fred Luehring is following up, Rob is worried about the ticket routing |
| 6660 | USCMS | Burt to look into Gratia Issue | 4/16 | Kyle | Burt not on call |
| 6678 | SBGrid | RSV/Gratia probe issues | 4/20 | Elizabeth | Arvind will look into this |

---+++ Other issues


---++ WLCG/OSG/EGEE Issues

---++ Open Discussion of the Operations Group Developments &amp; Plan






-- Main.KyleGross - 17 Apr 2009
