---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Sep09][September 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

John Weigand, Aaron, Brian, Dan Yocum, Philippe, Karthik.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

Dan: Gratia08 rebooted for no apparent reason.

Chris: Collector got upgraded to the latest 1.04 patch.  Housekeeping is restarted and is reducing the incoming process rate.
Probably about 2 weeks low processing rate.

Dan: New hardware arrived and need to go through the &#39;farm burn-in&#39; test. 

Chris: Reload of the lattice QCD is completely done (with proper processor accounting).

---++RSV

Nothing.

---+OSG

---+WLCG 

Nothing.

---+Fermi/CD

Nothing.

---+Developments

   * BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

Nothing ... still waiting on Condor release (today?)

   * Report extensions (Karthik).

Report about VO discrepancy is done and just need to be inserted in the submission scripts (problem with accessing MyOSG).

I am about ready to start on the transfer/storage report.   How does it relate to the new service record?

Brian: I will send you some information.

Philippe: By the way the Grid field is missing from most Summary table.

+-----------------------------+
|  HostDescriptionProbeSummary 
|  MasterSummaryData 
|  MasterTransferSummary 
|             NodeSummary 
|            ProbeSummary 
|   UserProbeSummary 
| VOJobStatusSummary 
|      VOProbeSummary
+-----------------------------+ 

John Hover: I will take a stab at this update.

Brian: Could the Grid field be optional

Philippe: Yes if it is not specified it default to OSG.

   * New Services probes.

Brian: Making some progress, it will be updated soon.   I will test it next week.

   * DN summarization (John Hover)

John: I still need to find a way to transform the old DN representation back into the new ones.

Philippe:  Currently I would prefer for it to be done in SQL but it could be done in Java but would require the re-use of the UserKeyInfo content column.

   * FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

Nothing.

  - Testing framework (Aaron)

I making good progress in understanding the system by exercising it.

I will apply for a Fermilab account shortly.

---+ Probes

Chris: PBS probes, the precedence order of the way you can select the number of core was wrong (but is now fixed).

Chris: Allow you can set the PBS Batch configuration to tell it to use an entire node for a job; this information is not propagated in the accounting log; We often do not have access to this information (i.e. PBS head node is a different site than where the probe runs).

Brian: Yes this sounds familiar when using Torque/Maui

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
