---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &amp;mdash; 1 February 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &amp;nbsp;&lt;em&gt;or&lt;/em&gt;&amp;nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &amp;nbsp; &amp;rarr; &amp;nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Review the [[Management.NewsletterArticles][current plan for newsletter articles]]&amp;nbsp;&amp;mdash; note that newsletter articles are due about mid-month before the targeted newsletter

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.

---++ Communications, by Kyle Gross

---+++ Events

   1. Documentation Project stalled. Will need to figure out a new timeline and find effort when available
   2. BDII Announcement was sent - Will need to send another
   3. All-Hands Meeting
      * AHM Website finalized and Registration open - https://www.opensciencegrid.org/AHM2017
      * AHM Info added to splash page on OSG homepage
      * AHM Announcements sent (more coming)
      * AHM Security Survey sent
      * Using Twitter to promote.
      * Gave Rob Gardner info so that he can distribute AHM info to Connect users.
   4. !CancerComputer Article Posted [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/cancer-computer-and-osg-partner-for-the-cure/][Link]] - Roy Chartier will talk at AHM
   5. Scott Cole Contacted for OSG Python Weekly post for this month



---+++ Goals

   1. Engage larger audience via Social Media, etc
   3. Find effort or acceptable fixes for documentation.

---++ Operations, by Rob Quick
---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * Perfsonar reliability continues to be a concern
      * definitions of availability may be overly conservative
   2. Marina Krenz fully integrated into OSG Operations,
      * Ticket exchange with XSEDE fully operational.
   3. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are negotiating a contract with Service Now
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL
      * Specific dates are still unknown
      * An agreement with GRNOC providing 24x7 coverage is being negoiated. This may go away, the ET is aware of this. 
   4. Final move of legacy contents from software.grid.iu.edu
      * Alias to repo.grid.iu.edu operational, last CA distro was repo.grid only
   5. Gratia sustainable for life of the current grant
      * Frank is calling for more immediate action. Prototype based on !ElasticSearch in September, turn down of Gratia by year end. 
      * UNL is providing the testbed cloud resources. More decisions will be made as the project matures. 
      * [[https://gracc.opensciencegrid.org/dashboard/db/gracc-payload-summary][GRACC.opensciencegrid.org]] is available
      * gratia-apel reporting interface needs to be written
      * Will attend GRACC fest (telepresence)
   6. !PerfSONAR and GRACC CHEP submissions (Due 6 Feb)
   7. Beginning reserach of SSO and CILogon 2.0 for authentication to Ops services and beyond. 
      * Initial project plan and research at [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ycLx_AqAxbhEeSNklQq5RAg3TTsMVIuib7hiXFSGoH4/edit?usp=sharing][Google Doc]]
   8. RHEL5 VM transition.
      * [[http://monitor.grid.iu.edu/kernel/kernel_overview_el5.html][List]]
      * Two months from RHEL5 support ending.  
   9. No updates planned during the first cycle of March due to AHM. 
   10. FNAL operational Services moves
   11. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We&#39;ve been moving backwards with new !perfSONAR and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Ansible based configuration management is in place
         * Oasis and Stash development teams have access to the machine that implements the new system
            * External collaborators, relatively easy to add others as appropriate
         * 26/July and subsequent releases are ansible based 
         * Effort will need to be shifted, possibly from Operations Support, to get this done in a proper manner. 
         * Service machines switched: condor collector, oasis, oasis-login, oasis-replica, oim, stash redirector, tx, web
            * voms, reports and twiki complete or nearly complete
         * Internal machines switched: csiu, kvmhost, lvs, staff, wn
            * csiu has Lustre a capable kernel, xrootd origin server capability and has oasis mounted


---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Marina assuming primary responsibilty for some services, oim, ticket
   2. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
      * Effort is ramping up
   3. BDII Deprecation
      * End of life [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2016/07/planned-retirement-of-osg-bdii.html][announcement]] sent 15/July
      * Activity has leveled off after initial WLCG discussions. 
         * Current plan is to provide WLCG with information in JSON format from OIM data (existing with possible minor extensions). 
         * My mail to the WLCG-IS working group chair and OSG and GLUE2.0 - &quot;As I’ve repeated several times over several years, OSG has no plans to implement GLUE 2.0 in general. Outside of these specifically defined uses for WLCG, we will not being putting any effort into providing information in a GLUE2 schema.&quot;
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update (Year4)
   1. Many of these are behind due to staffing discussed above.
   2. Goal #5 - &quot;Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort.&quot; - Additional hardware in place for production services providing a home for this work. I don&#39;t see having the effort for this until the next round of funding. 
   3. Goal #6 - &quot;Continue to provide training on new technologies to equip support desk staff to troubleshoot issue as they are reported.&quot; - Working with UCSD !GlideIn Ops to provide access to logs and common problems documentation so Ops support can do more in depth and proactive troubleshooting of !GlideInWMS problems. Kyle and Rob G are talking about offloading user support tasks to the ops support desk. 
   4. Goal #7 - &quot;Develop and share a set of metrics that provide a reasonable measure of responsiveness to stakeholder tickets.&quot; - See draft document at - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket




---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Brian&amp;nbsp;B., Brian&amp;nbsp;L., Gabriele (farewell!), Ken, Kyle, Mat, Rob&amp;nbsp;Q, Scott, Susan, Tim&amp;nbsp;C., Tim&amp;nbsp;T.

---+++ Communications
   * The documentation has resulted in significantly pared back content, which is good. However, we still need a real plan for the future of content currently held in the TWiki; Brian&amp;nbsp;B. will likely soon request (as a CMS stakeholder) that all public OSG documents be hosted in a service that OSG does not run.
   * Announcements about the All Hands Meeting and BDII have been and will continue to be sent.
   * The Cancer Computer research highlight went out, and there will be a mini-highlight on a UCSD/OSG School student who posted some interesting grid computing stuff.

---+++ Operations
   * Service levels are being met, no significant issues just minor concerns that are being addressed.
   * There was some discussion about the possible move from Footprints to Service Now (an IU project that is moving *very* slowly), mostly around how the existing web-based ticket interface may (or may not) change and being able to access historical tickets via some searchable method.
   * Gratia and GR&amp;Aring;CC: Rob&amp;nbsp;Q. still wants to better understand some of the new GR&amp;Aring;CC display graphs, because they do not seem to line up with expectations; also, !GratiaWeb is taking an increasingly long time to populate, which is starting to cause real issues for timely awareness of changes in production levels.
   * There is slow but real progress on designing a future OSG that does not rely (exclusively) on X.509 certificates&amp;nbsp;&amp;mdash; Marina is heading up this project, trying to set up meetings, etc., and there is an initial document to look at.
   * Operations is making good progress on upgrading or removing EL&amp;nbsp;5 hosts before that OS version is no longer supported after March.
   * FNAL must consider removing some specific operational services (e.g., VOMS) that are time-consuming and specific to the grid; other more general services may remain; Rob&amp;nbsp;Q. will follow up with Burt Holzman to start/continue the discussion.
   * Main concern is the BDII deprecation, but so far that is going well.

---+++ Action items
   * Kyle will identify Communications area goals from the 2016 staff retreat and beyond, and them to his AC notes in the future
   * Rob&amp;nbsp;Q. will inform appropriate people about the XSEDE ticket exchange
   * Everyone should look over the SSO/CILogon 2.0 Google document and send comments to Marina
   * Rob&amp;nbsp;Q. will talk to Burt Holzman about FNAL services

And I heard that the Taco Shack in San Diego (area?) is worth checking out! (If anyone has further details, please share.)
