---++ *OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting*

---++ Logistics

   * Location: Crowne Plaza Chicago O&#39;Hare Hotel &amp; Conference Center

&lt;verbatim&gt;
        Crowne Plaza Chicago O&#39;Hare Hotel &amp; Conference Center
        5440 North River Road 
        Rosemont, IL 60018 
        Web site:  www.crowneplazaohare.com

        As part of the arrangements, we have procured a block of hotel rooms at a 
        discounted rate of $99/night for Sunday, August 9 and Monday, August 10.  
        These hotel rooms can be reserved by one of two methods:

        1) https://resweb.passkey.com/Resweb.do?mode=welcome_ei_new&amp;eventID=1445286

        2) Calling Passkey&#39;s toll free reservations number at 888-233-9527 and asking for 
        the &quot;Open Science Grid&quot; guestroom block.
 
        If you are traveling to this meeting from a non-Chicago area location, we request 
        you to stay at this hotel to help fulfill the minimum hotel room commitment that was 
        negotiated.

       Airport Shuttles - The Crowne Plaza O&#39;Hare provides a 24 hour complimentary airport 
       shuttle to and from O’Hare International Airport 24 hours a day. Crowne Plaza’s pickup 
       location for domestic travelers in O&#39;Hare is at Door 2 of the Shuttle Bus Center. International 
       travelers please use the courtesy phones in the baggage area to contact the hotel to schedule 
       a pick-up.

&lt;/verbatim&gt; 
 
   * Date: August 10th and 11th, 2009 
   * Time: _Monday August 10th_, 1:00 PM Central Time - 5:00 PM Central; _Tuesday August 11th_, 8:00AM Central Time - Noon Central
   * Room: Haneda A&amp;B / Int&#39;l on the Lower Level
   * [[http://www.doodle.com/es2c5xk2d5rk9gti][Doodle Poll for attendance]]
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 (1PM - 5PM Tuesday)
   * Meeting ID: 1111 

---++ Attending

---+++ Monday Afternoon August 10th

   * Kent Blackburn (Council Co-Chair), Paul Avery (Council Co-Chair), Vicky White (Fermilab), Richard Mount (SLAC)Jerome Lauret (STAR), Bill Johnston (LBNL), Scott McCaulay (Indiana), Chander Sehgal (OSG Project Manager), Jim Shank (Boston/US ATLAS), Rob Gardner (University of Chicago), Patrick Brady (UWMilwaukee/LIGO), Miron Livny (UWMadison/Condor), Rick Snider (CDF), Dick Greenwood (DOSAR), Brad Abbott (University of Oklahoma/D0), Ruth Pordes (OSG Executive Director), Tom Furlani (Buffalo/Collective VO), Shaowen Wang (CIGI/Collective VO), Piotr Sliz (SBGrid/HMS), Tom Hacker (Purdue), Ian Fisk (Fermilab/US CMS), Michael Ernst (BNL/US ATLAS), John Towns (TeraGrid), Amber Boehnlein (DOE)

---+++ Tuesday Morning August 11th

   * Kent Blackburn (Council Co-Chair), Paul Avery (Council Co-Chair), Chander Sehgal (OSG Project Manager), Ruth Pordes (OSG Executive Director), Richard Mount (SLAC), Jerome Lauret (STAR), Bill Johnston (LBNL), Scott McCaulay (Indiana), Rob Gardner (University of Chicago), Rick Snider (CDF), Dick Greenwood (DOSAR), Brad Abbott (University of Oklahoma/D0), Shaowen Wang (CIGI/Collective VO), Piotr Sliz (SBGrid/HMS), Tom Hacker (Purdue), Ian Fisk (Fermilab/US CMS), Michael Ernst (BNL/US ATLAS)

---+ *Agenda*

---++ *Monday Afternoon:*

---+++ 12:55 PM %BLUE%&quot;Welcome/Sign-In&quot;%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ 1:00 PM %BLUE%&quot;Identification of Collective VO Representative&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Kent, Shaowen, Tom)

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/CollectiveVORep2.pdf][Slides (PDF)]]

   *  Large date set  regarding [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/Stakeholder_PlansNeedsRequirements][At-Large VO Plans, Needs, Requirements Data]]

---+++ 1:10 PM %BLUE%&quot;Council Chairs&#39; Report &amp; Planning Goals for Meeting&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Kent, Paul)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/ChairReport.pdf][Slides (PDF)]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Link to Action Items from Council]]

---++ *Planning for the Future:*

---+++ 1:30 PM %BLUE%&quot;Executive Director&#39;s Report &amp; Planning&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Ruth)

OSG Futures Requirements and Principles - [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/OSG_Future_Requirements_v1.docx][Draft]]

ED presentation on Planning for the Future [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/ED-Report.pptx][Slides]]

---+++ 2:00 PM %BLUE%&quot;OSG PI&#39;s Report &amp; Planning&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Miron)

---+++ 2:15 PM %BLUE%&quot;LIGO Futures Statement&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Patrick)

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/LIGO-OSG-Futures.pdf][Slides]]

---+++ 2:30 PM %BLUE%&quot;US ATLAS Futures Statement&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Michael, Jim)

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/ATLAS_OSG_council_aug_2009.pdf][Slides]]

---+++ 2:45 PM %BLUE%&quot;US CMS Futures Statement&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Ian)

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/OSG_Vision_CMS.pdf][Slides from CMS]]

---+++ 3:00 PM %BLUE%&quot;Futures Discussion&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Council Roundtable)

---+++ 4:00 PM %BLUE%&quot;Introduction on Status of OSG Collaboration with &lt;nop&gt;TeraGrid&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Ruth)

---+++ 4:15 PM %BLUE%&quot;Statement from &lt;nop&gt;TeraGrid Forum Chair on Status of Collaboration with OSG&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (John Towns)

---+++ 5:00 PM %BLUE%&quot;Further Discussion on Future&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Council Roundtable)

---+++ 7:00 PM %BLUE% _DINNER:_ *McCormick and Schmick&#39;s Seafood Restaurant* %ENDCOLOR%

   * Address: 5320 North River Road, Rosemont, Illinois 60018, Phone: (847) 233-3776 
   * [[http://maps.google.com/maps?f=d&amp;source=s_d&amp;saddr=5440+North+River+Road,+Rosemont,+IL+60018+(Crowne+Plaza+Chicago+O%27Hare+Hotel+%26+Conference+Center)&amp;daddr=5320+N+River+Rd,+Rosemont,+IL+60018-5400+(Mccormick+%26+Schmick%27s+Seafood)&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=FWiHgAIdaVLD-iF8wFX3M1aLjA%3BFa99gAId91HD-iFKSkyW0RkN2w&amp;mra=cc&amp;dirflg=w&amp;sll=41.97646,-87.862775&amp;sspn=0.003458,0.003943&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;z=18][Walk]] 0.2 miles south of Crowne Plaza Chicago O&#39;Hare on N River Rd.
   * Restaurant&#39;s [[http://www.mccormickandschmicks.com/Locations/chicago-illinois/rosemont-illinois/north-river-road.aspx][Website]]
   * [[http://www.doodle.com/pqapzk4zamd6uszw][Doodle Poll]] for dinner! 

---++ *Tuesday Morning:*

---+++ 9:00 AM %BLUE%&quot;OSG Project Management Report &amp; Planning&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Chander)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_PjM_Report_11Aug09.pdf][OSG Project Manager&#39;s Report as PDF]]

---+++ 9:45AM %BLUE%&quot;OSG Science Domain Metrics&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Ruth)

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/OSGScienceDomainReport.pdf][Field of Science Reporting in the OSG]]

---+++ 10:00 AM%BLUE%&quot;iSGTW&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Paul, Dave, Miriam)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/avery_OSG_isgtw_2009aug11.pptx][Six Month Update/Status Report]] (Paul), (7.5 minutes)
   * Introducing Miriam Boon (Miriam), (7.5 minutes) Also see [[http://www.isgtw.org/?pid=1001946][August 5th, 2009 iSGTW]]

---+++ 10:15 AM %BLUE%&quot;Discussion of Futures Planning; Review of Action Items&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Council RoundTable)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/BillPKIEmail.pdf][Risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems]] (Bill Johnston)
   * Roundtable discussions
   * List of [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]]

---+++ 11:30 AM %BLUE%&quot;Closeout&quot;%ENDCOLOR% (Kent, Paul)

---+++ 12:00 PM %BLUE% _ADJOURN_ %ENDCOLOR%

%GREEN%

---+ *Minutes*

---++ *Monday Afternoon:*

A sign-up sheet was passed around the table to gather attendance, including name, affiliation and votes carried by voting representatives. _(See attendance posted near top of page for detailed attendance and affiliation)_.

---+++ _Identification of Collective VO Representative_

Kent reviewed the process through council subcommittee and council consensus that was used to lead us to where we are today with respect to the Collective VO Representatives. (see slides). Shaowen Wang, working closely with the VO Support Group interfaces with members of the Collective VO to communicate the search for the second representative. In direct communications with individuals, Tom Furlani was identified and agreed to serve as the second Collective VO Representative. Tom discussed his background with NYSGrid and his involvement and interactions with the OSG for the past several years, particularly through communications with Paul Avery.

---+++ _Council Chairs&#39; Report &amp; Planning Goals for Meeting_

Kent reminded the council that the terms for the council co-chairs and for the executive director are for two years and that these terms are scheduled to be fulfilled at the time of our next Council Face-to-Face Meeting in March of next year (2010). Kent then noted that on several occasions individuals have expressed concern with having all of these positions turn over at the same time. The council was asked there views on this. There was general agreement from the council that this presented a problem for stability and continuity in the consortium. A discussion of a model used in other organizations of having a deputy that is selected out of face with the chair for some optimal time was discussed. It was noted that even if a deputy could be immediately identified there would at most be 6 months for overlap with the current council chair appointment term outlined in the by-laws. It was then noted that this next calendar year is unique for the OSG, involving significant planning for the future with preparations for a new proposal and definition of that plan and underlying components; the current schedule calls for having the new proposal ready for council review in March, 2010, also falling on the end of these terms. Several members of the council felt that this uniqueness would best be served by extending the length of the terms to serve both the planning and proposal needs of the next year, and to identify mechanisms to dis-entangle the terms of the council co-chairs with the executive director to assure optimal stability and continuity. To better understand the relationships, the council reviewed the OSG Organizational Chart at the URL: [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/Learn_About_Us/OSG_Organization/?pid=1000240][OrgChart]]. Noted that the current situation of having co-chairs was lead upon us by the need to support the work load associated with the role of OSG Council Chair. The OSG Executive Director position is unique in that there are not a large pool of candidates to draw from on short time scales like there may be in some large experiments. As we move forward with our planning and new proposal, we may wish to review our structure for leadership and may go into the new proposal with a different structure. This should include inputs from the funding agencies. Miron noted that part of this question is how we fit into the national cyber infrastructure in the future and this discussion would benefit from having inputs from the later discussion of our role in national cyber infrastructure. Decided to *note* this issue and come back to this after reviewing how we move forward. Moved on from this subject to return to the report. Discussed the review of membership of the council and that the council co-chairs have taken over management of the council representation under the council web pages. Noted that there are discussions with TeraGrid to reinstate their involvement with the council. Noted attendance in monthly teleconferences. Noted that this year the annual report to the NSF made it in on time this year. Leveraging on the keynote talk Paul gave at the TeraGrid Conference, OSG has been engaging with TeraGrid to talk about our future roles together. Noted key areas of involvement of the Council within the context of the OSG consortium. The focus for the remainder of our face to face meeting will be on planning for the future. Discussed the difficulties in organizing a Science Advisory Group (SAG) and scheduling a meeting. Asked if we need a SAG or if this should be raised to the level of a subcommittee? Paul spoke on his believe that we do need a SAG. He noted the role of the Science Advisory Board for TeraGrid was based on their user community. Miron noted that OSG is different from TeraGrid in that we have a council and TeraGrid does not. Vicky asked if the existence of the SAG came out of the funding agency requests to assure that we were aligned with science missions in the country. Noted that the one and only SAG produced a set of questions or actions to go off and work on. Many of these were somewhat visionary but deviated from our immediate needs for action. It was asked if a redraw of the OrgChart to divide up the council to include a component that is the SAG may be useful for moving forward. It was noted that the council make up may not be sufficiently science visionary oriented and an independent &quot;judge&quot; of the OSG (not so computer savvy as the council) would help to assure that OSG has alignment with science. A suggestion to go out to our stakeholders to identify and include the analysis/physics/science spokespersons to be inclusive in the SAG or extended Council (depending on how our plans for the future mature). Finally, informed the council that there has been some discussion of whether or not the time allotted to Council Face-to-Face meetings is sufficient. We are typically being pressed for time, yet lots of good discussion is being generated when we meet together.

---+++ _Executive Director&#39;s Report &amp; Planning_

The focus of the executive director&#39;s talk will be futures and not include status. Council was encouraged to ask in break or at dinner if there were any questions on status. Noted that we need a plan to go beyond our current funding cycle. Schedule called out: gathering of document requirements is partially done, draft document posted; Solicit inputs on key directions from the council was done in the May and June council teleconferences and available in the minutes of these meetings; The two page plans for each OSG work area are not yet available but a set of two pager strategy documents from the executive team have been drafted; And a list of abstracts for &quot;satellite proposals&quot;; Have an analysis and outline for the proposal and document the architectural for the proposal and identify participating senior personal from institutions - The goal is to have a mature proposal available at the time of the next (March 2010) council face-to-face meeting for endorsement by stakeholders; Executive Director charged with talking with funding agencies. One Joint Oversight Committee meeting took place in March of this year - It was organized by program manager in HEP but he has now left. There is concern that OSG has been dropped from the biweekly LHC US agency management meetings. Continuing to send agencies the monthly &quot;thumbnails&quot; of usage by ATLAS and CMS, sending accounting, availability, and reliability information, also sending newsletters and research highlights and of course the very comprehensive annual report to the NSF a month or so back. The plans we have in place under the leadership of the OSG of our vision of a federated national cyber infrastructure of the US. Current guidance and interest is mainly coming from the NSF/MPS. NSF/OCI has a very large comprehensive XD  proposal program very much tied into the TeraGrid and have put into palce 6 task forces to help guide this program. We have a perceived thrust from MPS and OCI to increase TeraGrid collaboration - John Towns will be here this afternoon. Ed Seidel&#39;s presentation at the OSG All-Hands presented OSG as a component of the national infrastructure. Ed Seidel&#39;s move to acting director of MPS is a significant move that is important to our future planning. Council member participation in &quot;sensing&quot; funding agency directions and needs are important to the future planning, especially over the next 6 months. On the DOE side, we have received the response from our reviews from January, which included planning for the longer time and also plan for a ramp-down for closing shop. Reaching out through program officers to have these similar types of discussions. DOE is hosting workshops to chart the way into the future, (Ruth has a list of these in the slides). Need not just guidance, but also involvement from the council to move forward. Several documents have been drafted to address involvement in national cyber infrastructure. John Towns visited OSG at the Staff Retreat two weeks ago where OSG discussed collaborative principles as part of this national cyber infrastructures. OSG will work with both XD proponents over the next few months as they work to put in their individual proposals to assure continuity beyond the TeraGrid era. We (OSG Consortium are planning to put in an unsolicited proposal to NSF and DOE in the time frame of the XD proposals, submitting to both NSF and DOE at the same time. The current proposal was one proposal submitted to both NSF and DOE at the same time. Discussed having separate proposals to the NSF and DOE. Key directions: program of work driven by stakeholders; solidify satellite proposals; roughly the same level of effort in core; strategic plans informed by our sponsors (possibly including NIH in the future); increased role and responsibility across campuses; core mission to support US LHC Tier 3s; core missions to support US LHC operational services to WLCG;  support for and working with community grids including LIGO Data Grid is a core mission; plan for 5 years of program of work; define relationships and co-operations  and interfaces with  XD project. (see slides and documents for more details). Discussed possible commercial user. This came up at SAG, but we have recently moved in away from commercial use. Goals for the day are to get feedback and input for the current strategy goals and principle and check that the current schedule is still what we aim for, AND to get help (from council) as the executive team can not do this themselves. 

---+++ _OSG PI&#39;s Report &amp; Planning_

From the technical director&#39;s perspective, the hiring of the production coordinator has significant impact on operations. An assessment of where we are at implementing where we are and what we planned originally could be useful to the future planning. Overall the software is not in great shape, which came from the way it has grown in the last ten years. The recent email regarding understanding PKI&#39;s role in authentication and authorization on our gatekeepers is an example. Challenging to balance technical problems and needs against the other demands associated with future planning. There is a question of how much our vision of grid sharing has been accomplished; we have more of a collection of community grids instead of a single infrastructure - will a day come when stakeholders move jobs freely between resources? How do we move forward, do we have the right model(s), what is the real value we are offering? The planning for the future is a tremendous load on the executive team. Need to identify guidance and help from the Council. 

---+++ _LIGO Futures Statement_

First LIGO likes the delivers a mechanism for resource sharing. It allows for opportunistic use in burst mode. LIGO has an MRI going in for Syracuse that would provide resources on the OSG. Second OSG has provided a venue for moving software pieces from prototype to hardened production environments which has added value in identifying useful software components. LIGO has relied heavily on the software testing and integration of the VDT, but LIGO is moving more and more toward &quot;native&quot; packaging. This has worked better for the user community. This has primarily involved CentOS and Debian, but is rapidly involving MacOS. OSG could become a leader in this instead of someone that is overtaken by this. Miron asked how much effort should be invested in being a leader in the open source community, which is not always an immediate interest to the stakeholders. How should OSG plan for this? This raised a very general issues of how much are VM being used to address packaging needs? Is wallpapering over native OS the wrong approach and should we be working on grid tools to manage VM movements? Is moving jobs instead of provisioning resources as the right model? It has become clear to LIGO that the certificate model has been a huge strain on users and developers, causing lots of operations problems for the experiment. LIGO is working on an &quot;authentication&quot; project that is user friendly, secure, powerful, and flexible. OSG could help with this and set the national stage for adoption. Current CA system didn&#39;t meet the LIGO needs. LIGO is interested in single sign-on to address cluster access, web page access, operations, accounts, etc. Could this somehow work for the LIGO users on the OSG? SLAC has recently backed off on identification management of ATLAS users to the level of just roles. This has stimulated a satellite project out of NCSA. LIGO is now in its S6 science run to mitigate instrumental technology risks. LIGO expects to have a lot of movement in the analysis infrastructure in preparation for the next phase (Advanced LIGO). Expect greater realtime and near realtime requirements. Expect a LIGO Data Grid proposal going in at the end of next summer.

---+++ _US ATLAS Futures Statement_

Concentrating on items that are worrying US ATLAS now, that the next OSG proposal can help with. These are technical areas that could possibly cover one to three years on a project plan. Extensive testing has identified various issues and expect to see further challenges. Through cosmic data collection US ATLAS expects that they know how to handle data rates. Three big areas: (a) strain on data distribution system, what is in place has worked and is expected to work in 2010, but it likely to not work by 2011 due to lots of indicators that this is not sufficiently robust, and likely a software development project to fix. Probably the lack of technical lead on data has contributed to this problem. (b) strain from many new grid users doing analysis will likely put a strain on systems, this includes security to be able to identify users. Expect order 1000 users on the systems. How to balance the user identification verses the science mission are in conflict in many ways. Still need to be able to understand &quot;what&quot; and &quot;who&quot; when things break. US ATLAS high profile expect to be in the news a lot and this draws in the attacks on the security of the systems. (c) all of these systems are too fragile and require way too much human intervention. File systems are brought to their knees by users. Can OSG knowledge and experience fed back on the experiments allow us to do better? Funding for software development on the grid is going to be much more difficult today than it was when the grid movement began. US ATLAS sees most of there big problems as needing software development. Is this another area where open source can help? Need to capture this appropriately in the requirements document from US ATLAS. Looking forward, multicore and limited memory are a serious worry. There is no multithreaded shared memory support in system but high luminosity will push beyond current architecture. Observed scalability issues with underlying infrastructure coming from GLOBUS is not up to the loads being expected. This is a issue for now, not a vision problem. Need to define a process for dealing with these sort of issues based on a careful review of requirements and making decisions that are well integrated and assure the infrastructure, possibly via an architecture team. 

---+++ _US CMS Futures Statement_

Near sided vision - OSG has done a good job o supporting Tier I and IIs. But the growth industry for US CMS is going to be the Tier IIIs, growing to close to 40 small sites under US CMS. Recommend imbracing the concept of a &quot;client&quot; site for job submission, data channels, etc. The smaller site model is looking more like SBGrid and some of our experiences working with SBGrid and others may help with this. This introduces a need to improve scaling of submission. Getting results back is the single largest source of failure for analysis jobs. Medium term vision - OSG needs to be a lot more dynamic about how resources are used and who uses them, micro scheduling, taking advantage of the margins and not the core resources. Need greater transparency in tools and policies to take advantage of distributed resources. Strive to be more dynamic in VO and activities - a lot of small scale science could benefit OSG by getting more people to adopt through greater transparency. Far sightedness - How does OSG become a part of the equation to allow transparency in utilization of large commercial resources becoming available, e.g., Google, Microsoft, Amazon. What is the cost model for operations of the OSG. Amazon has a mechanism for getting the cost right via the open market model. We are constrained to charge not one penny more than it cost and the cost of getting that right is too much. 

---+++ _Futures Discussion_

Brief discussion of how OSG would grow relative to the Track I and 2 funding system. It was pointed out that in the near term the OSG would see most of its growth coming from the Tier 3s coming into the arena in the next year or so. Compared NSFnet migration to internet2 and the way that this drove commercialization of the internet. Does this have a broadly based analogy to the campus computing evolution. It was noted that Ed Seidel&#39;s slides at the All-Hands Meeting called out the challenge of integrating the scientists and researchers at the universities and the importance to the future of cyber infrastructure. Some concern was expressed over &quot;chasing&quot; the latest technologies. Installation and distribution of software was pointed out as a key issue. Packaging was identified as a contact point with communities.

---+++ _Introduction on Status of OSG Collaboration with TeraGrid_

Ruth noted that there is a perceived push from NSF MPS and OCI to increase collaboration between OSG and TeraGrid. This has lead to the crafting of several documents including agreed upon collaboration principles between OSG and TeraGrid. A suggestion by the council to focus on commonality with OSG and TeraGrid that need to be address was made, as an example, data access for analysis. It was also noted that it is important to recognize boundaries and scope and the associated interfaces. 

---+++ _Statement from TeraGrid Forum Chair on Status of Collaboration with OSG_

John introduced himself as the Chair of the TeraGrid Forum. John re-enforced the current set of meetings and agreed upon collaborative principles that Ruth pointed out earlier. John also noted that it was important to work within the TeraGrid to assure community acceptance. TeraGrid operates about 22/23 resources of a variety of architectures. Last years expenditures were a bit over $50M. There around 500+ people within TeraGrid. Use a common currency of normalized computing units which in all of Teragrid is about 10 billion normalized units. A rough comparison to OSG in these normalized units gives about 4 billion units on the OSG, although the architectures of the resources are somewhat different. TeraGrid is a collection of awards (12) from the NSF that is coordinated through the University of Chicago by what is called Grid Trash/Trash/Integration Group. All resources are allocated through an allocation process. As Chair of the Forum, John has responsibility but no authority and need to negotiate with the Forum to get the work done. TeraGrid supports a wide range of disciplines, mostly in the hard sciences but some of the softer sciences of late. Most of TeraGrids hardware is funded by NSF, but there is some integration of hardware funded from others sources. However, NSF provides funds for maintenance of these &quot;integrated&quot; hardware resources (Abe was given as an example resource bought by Illinois and managed by TeraGrid funding). TeraGrid has twelve functional area directors covering networking, operation and security; advanced user support; data utilization and vizualization; user portals and allocations interfacing; project management working group; education outreach and training; software integration; and a few others that John thought he missed. About 50% of budget goes into operations. The current TeraGrid funding runs out in March 2010 for all (12) grants. A one year extension has been approve by science board to provide funding until the Extreme Data (XD) proposal is awarded. The extension provided $30.2M, down from the $50M/yr and as a result a number of smaller resources will not be funded after March 2010. A peer review process is in place with quarterly allocation review meetings. Eligibility to propose for resources are pretty much the same as the NSF PI eligibility. Typically individual researchers/teams apply for allocations as opposed to larger communities. Only a small number of resource requests are told &quot;no&quot;. This is managed by avoiding the &quot;all or nothing&quot; model of request allocation. One question for the future is how would OSG come into this process of allocations. Allocations use to be specific to a particular resource. This has changed slightly, but TeraGrid as a unified resource is not completely transparent to the request recipient. TeraGrid has a variety of data resources of various architecture and hierarchy. TeraGrid does not have a TeraGrid wide name space. There is a plan to provide this in the next year over some subset of TeraGrid, 6 or 7 sites.  Some of this shared file space will be allocated and have purge policies. Details haven&#39;t been worked out yet. This will be based on Lustre in the near-term. Looking at PNFS for the longer term but this is still relatively immature technology. CTSS(?) is the TeraGrid middleware software. TeraGrid uses VDT and this is one area for potential collaboration. TeraGrid has carried a policy that only &quot;critical&quot; resources are allocated and it was only a few years ago was storage considered a critical resource. Storage advancements are recognized as a challenge for both OSG and TeraGrid and this is one of the areas that has been identified for potential collaboration. Miron Ruth and John wrote a white page in January to the NSF and DOE that pushed forward the notion that there is no high level discussions about the future of the national cyberinfrastructure and how this interfaces with international efforts. There are a lot of other cyber infrastructure projects out there that need to be part of the solutions. TeraGrid Forum was very positive in their feedback on the &quot;agreed upon principles&quot; document. This is a short document just starting the discovery of points to work on, but there is clearly interest for ways to make this happen. The current set of six points are rather generic but we have begun a process to refine these. The changed in leadership in OCI provides a new arena for making progress in these areas. As activities are identified to collaborate, individuals are also identified and teams formed. This has implications on both OSG and TeraGrid program of work plans. Paul is planning to attend the TeraGrid quarterly meeting in Knoxville next month. Paul has stepped up to be the PI of an unsolicited proposal to the NSF that provide collaborative effort between OSG and TeraGrid. Joining allocation between TeraGrid and OSG is an area of potential collaboration. There are CA issues associated with certificates that will need to be looked at. Security policies are coming to OSG through the IGTF where things move slowly, but we have a strong channel between OSG and TeraGrid in the area of security policies with Jim Basney at NSCA. Historically there has been a fair amount of collaboration between OSG and TeraGrid in the areas of education, outreach and training; this area includes iSGTW. TeraGrid is moving out onto the campuses for EOT as a focus now. This document has been endorsed by the OSG Executive Team. There are questions of how do we implement this, how do we report this? Sessions at each others meetings might be useful down the road. TeraGrids user support team allocates expert effort to support applications, there are applications that can benefit from supporting the application on both OSG and TeraGrid environments. Looking to identify one or two of these to start. Identifying the science goals of real projects will make this an easier bid with the support effort. MPS is prepared to receive an unsolicited proposal that doesn&#39;t involve OSG or TeraGrid project management and would provide effort to work on collaborative activities. The timing for this is right with current leadership in OCI and MPS. The challenge will be to turn identify people quickly for this short term effort, of order $1M per year for two, maybe three years. OCI supported the funding of Dyson and this is a new opportunity to work with OCI on this. TeraGrid is also looking at a short time frame - they have one year of extended funding after the March 2010 end to the current grants. Getting anything going in 6 months will be ambitious. Another management challenge on the OSG side is that TeraGrid as an organization is roughly 10 times larger than OSG and care is needed to avoid becoming overwhelmed by collaborative activities while working together effectively. This effort will likely require contributions from OSG stakeholders. Council expressed concerns over the management of DOE relationships with these joint activities given that TeraGrid is purely funded by NSF. Suggested that separate proposals to DOE and NSF be put in by the OSG for its future. There was general agreement from the council that these were good ideas (the joint principles and collaborative unsolicited proposal PI&#39;ed by Paul). 

Details are found in the [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/OSG_TG_SharedPriciples_v4-3.docx][agreed upon principles document]].

---+++ _Further Discussion on Future_

Ruth asked for endorsement of the plan and schedule as shown. The schedule was reviewed. It was asked if TeraGrid was a broad user service model while OSG focused on LHC/LIGO/Physics. It was pointed out that TeraGrid has a set of top-end heavy users  with a skewed usage model as well and that OSG has been working to extend its science domain utilization through several venues over the years. It was noted that application communities use different hardware architectures between the OSG and TeraGrid model and in addition, there is a difference in how the application communities get what they need as resources - the allocation process by peer review in TeraGrid as opposed to the more open and opportunistic models of OSG. The question of what does it mean to expose the the resources across the two was raised? It was proposed that the application owners would initially provide the loose coupling by arranging in advance to have the TeraGrid resouces and the OSG resources needed to operate across the two. Issues of authentication may exist and need help with solving. Within the science domains involved with OSG VOs, there are sub-communities that benefit from the architecture of TeraGrid resources. It was pointed out that OSG set up a TeraGrid gateway last year and it didn&#39;t see any significant usage. The OSG Management and Leadership is working under the perception that OSG is providing value and it is important to continue to provide more value with campuses. This will become increasingly important with the integration of the Tier 3s. It appears in the XD solicitations and proposals that TeraGrid is being encouraged to take more action on the campus level. One of the reasons for discussions with TeraGrid now is to avoid competition at the campuses and it will become clearer of the roles TeraGrid and OSG will have on the campuses. At this time, it is not thought that the users are pushing for collaborative sharing between TeraGrid and OSG, but at the management level it is recognized where the value is. Aside from TeraGrid, the Tier 3s provide a unique opportunity to OSG. There will be about 60 of these coming online in the next year. We are missing a plan and definition of success for the Tier 3s. Both CMS and ATLAS will be working with OSG to construct this plan. Two possible definitions for success are, the need to transfer data for the experiments; from the OSG side, it seems important to make Tier 3 &quot;virtualized&quot; and available for opportunistic computing. Tier 3s are concerned about having to find a 0.5 FTE of support, while if it can be pushed down to 0.25 FTE there is less challenge. We could have a plan to discuss how to allow the Tier 3s to grab jobs from a common pool of jobs as a way to push this opportunistic usage forward. A lot of discussion of technologies and solutions occurred. It was not thought to be a small project and it would need better definition of requirements; we are lacking management of opportunistic today, we currently don&#39;t deal with allocation. Noted that production coordinator for the OSG is going from full time to half time in two months. Suppressing the need for a quarter FTE at 50 or so sites would introduce a cost advantage for Tier 3s and the OSG. Bringing in two half FTEs that &quot;live and breath&quot; the Tier 3 environment would be very useful in changing our biases from having historically worked with the Tier 2s. Began the discussion of how to continue on for another 10 years with aging and possibly outdated software technologies is a growing concern. There will be tension between &quot;running&quot; and &quot;upgrading&quot;. Also, how would this work be funded/supported under our current staffing profile? Effort must be identified within the stakeholders and collaborations spending time on these issues, for example LIGO&#39;s effort for new authentication and authorization is coming from within LIGO. A mechanism for taking recommendations on how to take decision on how to take effort from the core activities to support longer term architectural needs. This needs to be effort put in up front in the planning for OSG. It was thought that this would be 2 or more FTE years of effort. This is above the threshold of what can be squeezed out from FTEs in other activities. Is this going to be an architecture based on existing technology, modified technology or new technology that has to be developed? It was stated as being clear that OSG can not be successful if it becomes responsible for the development of the majority of the software. The cost will make OSG a bad value by almost any economics. Finding a community that could help us with development of software could help with this. For example, what is happening with &quot;Hadoop&quot; as a specific component in the OSG. OSG&#39;s focus should be on integration. Focus on the architecture will require changing existing people&#39;s priorities. We will need to define a core team to work on the architecture (a document). Discussed targeting the delivery of an architectural document on November 15th. We have to make sure we can survive a certain amount of time with the issues of scalability and larger user community (e.g., authentication). We aren&#39;t currently in a situation where these are today&#39;s issues, but are expected in the time frame of a year. Once the physics analysis of LHC starts, the issues are likely to change. Expect to need 4 or 5 people on this. OSG has no more than 2 people to make available for this. 

---++ *Tuesday Morning:*

---+++ _OSG Project Management Report &amp; Planning_

Year 4 of the OSG plans will begin in October, Year 3 ends the last day of September. We now have a full time iSGTW editor through additional 0.5 FTE of funding from NSF and DOE, adding to the existing 0.5 FTE already available from OSG. This allowed Miriam Boon to be hired into the communications office at FNAL. A couple of supplemental proposals that were submitted were approved. One of these was one year of condor support ($750K under the OSG umbrella). The second was an administrative item to move DOE funds from Brookhaven to Wisconsin to fund the Production Coordinator. The DOE funding for the university has been delayed due to a new financial system which has delayed funds being distributed. The Chicago field office at Argonne has issued a statement that they are working this issue, no date for resolution has been provided. Theoretically we should be at 92% utilization of funds at the 12 quarter mark in our funding, but due to start up and late hiring we are currently at 74%. The DOE labs are burning money slightly faster. A closer look is being taken at the data to understand if the burn rate is where it should be and this is just an effect from the start up. Preliminary analysis suggests that our burn rate is where it should be but Chander will give this a second look and report his finding at a later OSG Council Telecon. Chander reminded Council that DOE funding ends March 2011 and NSF funding ends at in September 2011. Expect to be able to support OSG staff until the end of 2011. NSF program manager approved roughly a week after the annual report was submitted. Chander thanked the council members that supported his and Paul&#39;s efforts to construct the annual report. OSG software package 1.2 was released July 27th. A site administrator&#39;s workshop was held at Indiana last week, where interactive real-time support for site administrators that wanted to do upgrades while there. Some issues with RSV were identified but look to be under control. This was delayed by several weeks. It is pretty early to know if this release meets the needs of the LHC. The OSG 1.2 was validated by half a dozen or more VOs on the Trash/Trash/Integration Testbed. Running a little bit behind the curve on completion of tasks this year for a variety of reasons. A question of usage of the OSG Change Control Process for any of the tasks that are behind the curve. A more dynamic process communicating with Executive Team. Looking to the future architecture for the OSG, *it will be important to understand our needs for change management and change control*. The trick has been to be agile with corrections to the WBS verses the need for tracking through change control. One of the challenges in this coming year is how to deal with, coordinate with, and project manage satellite proposals. We are looking at a core OSG and then satellites that needs to be understand how to manage. We may be looking at a set of cores projects if we are lead to submit separate proposals to the DOE and NSF. How to coordinate between separate cores is also a recognized challenge. There are other projects that have these sorts of issues: [[http://www.kuali.org/][Kuali]] and [[http://sakaiproject.org/portal][Sakai]]. Currently about 35 paid FTEs and about 5 contributed FTEs giving about 40 FTE in total. The OSG is funding 0.8 FTE of Project Management. At 2% project management, OSG is limited in what it can and can not do. There is more management within the OSG for other areas such as technical, production, etc. A profile with more cores and satellite projects may very likely require more project management. *It would be good to provide the percent total management in OSG* over all aspects of management, including institutional PIs. The rough estimate on the ground for this was approximately 3 FTEs, roughly 8%. Discussed whether or not a consultant to support project management over the short term might be useful or not to bootstrap the near term needs for planning. A recommendation was made to leave this on the table, possibly using savings that have been built up. It would be good to have a clear definition of what the project management is in OSG. Earlier this year there was a request from DOE to to document how OSG does project management of a geographically diverse team with diversity of stakeholder needs. This is documented in the [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=850][DocDB]]. Storage Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions and Storage activities under VDT were combined under software. Software tools group was identified as a long term support area for OSG, e.g., RSV. Created a biology area to go with the traditional ATLAS, CMS, LIGO areas. In August the staffing and WBS will be locked down. Year 4 will have 34.5 paid FTEs. Expect to grow the unallocated pot after budgeting for next year. Working with LIGO to get more specifics as the work plan moves forward. Goal is to baseline everything by the end of October, with 85% of the SOWs signed off by December. 

A lengthy discussion of immediate needs lead the council to construct the following two recommendations. These recommendations were voted on by the council and passed:

A. *The OSG Council recommends that the OSG Technical Director be empowered to work with a &quot;Team&quot; to deliver the &quot;architectural document&quot; by November 15th, 2009. This &quot;Team&quot; should have active involvement from three to four individuals. The OSG Council encourages broad representation from the OSG to assure diversity and expect the leadership of major stakeholders to be involved. Sufficient resources should be made available by the OSG to assure the delivery of the &quot;architectural document&quot; by November 15th. Ownership for this recommendation will reside with the OSG Executive Director and OSG Technical Director.*

B. *The OSG Council recommends that the OSG find additional funded effort for the long term planning of the OSG. This funded effort will be provided for a time period not to exceed six months. Ownership for this recommendation will reside with the OSG Project Manager and the OSG Council Co-Chairs.*

---+++ _iSGTW_

Paul summarized recent iSGTW activities; see ([[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2009Aug11/avery_OSG_isgtw_2009aug11.pptx][slides]]). Total subscribers since January 2007. This has steadily been increasing up to 5041 just a few days ago. There was a milestone to reach 5000 which occurred in June of this year. There are roughly 20K to 25K page views per month. The number of unique visitors is also showing an upward trend. A survey was conducted this year with 9 questions (up from 8 last year) and included a new comment section. The participation in the survey was at 14%, up from 11% from last year. Recently the funding has provided for .75 FTEs for Anne Heavey plus some contract work, coming from 5 different sources within DOE and NSF. Current situation is that we just hired Miriam Boon. Paul asked if we want to increase the funding to more than 1FTE and where do we find the additional funding. There is a meeting at Fermilab tomorrow to discussion this and other iSGTW. Paul introduced Miriam Boon ...

Miriam introduced herself a figure skater and fan of the movie &quot;Independence Day&quot;. She summarized her background and how this lead her down the path to becoming a journalist - very interesting! She gave several of her ideas for iSGTW. Her main focus for the publication will be: Journalistic Quality and Integrity; A Focus on Community and Collaboration; and Agile Cutting Edge Technology in Keeping with our Subject Matter. She plans to attend several conferences in the near future. She is in the midst of discussing regarding redesign for the iSGTW website as it is reaching the end of its web life cycle. Considering content management systems. The focus for the meeting tomorrow is to discuss a satellite proposal for iSGTW in collaboration with TeraGrid - looking for a three year program. Ruth noted that iSGTW gets discussed at very high levels between US and European leadership which includes Ed Siedel. 

---+++ _Discussion of Futures Planning; Review of Action Items_

---++++ PKI Security Discussion

Bill reported that this grow out of a meeting that Ruth and Miron organized at Berkeley that was mostly aimed at engaging Mike Helm who runs the federated trust group within ESNet to look at what ESnet was doing for OSG, etc. In the process Miron raised a concern that Bill and others have had for some time which was to what extent the integrity and failure modes of the authentication and authorization systems that are being used on the grid. This was viewed as a legitimate concern, as a community we don&#39;t have a very good understanding of what are the failures, vulnerabilities and recovery mechanisms are in the authentication and authorization systems and very little stress testing of these. This is a general concern reach beyond DOE Grids CA to include In-Common, OpenID or any other flavor. ESnet every two or three years undergoes a formal security review which includes reviewers from the community, but also one or two industry people such as technical heads of security groups from major telecommunications industry. Consistently when they review the federated trust is limited in depth due to not having expertise in these areas. There are experts in this area in the financial industries. The question is how can we address this to avoid a major failure because of ignorance which is the state we currently exist. We don&#39;t know the large scale failure modes or the large scale recovery mechanism. As was heard from US ATLAS, US CMS and LIGO, classic PKI may not be the way of the future, but some sort of authentication and authorization system will be needed. Need to engages some folks that understand these systems a lot better than we do. It would be pragmatic for OSG to pay attention to this as understanding matures. Bill is currently reviewing contacts within the Financial Industry through USENIX Conferences. Bill and Mike will continue to investigate and attempt to engage people. OSG may be approached to help out with an analysis if the engagement activities are successful. A comment was made about a recent Blackhat lecture that disclosed a vulnerability in CA signing chains that is rooted in SSL clients like firefox and others which brings this very close to our community. A question was asked about whether or not the annual NSF Security Summits would be a useful forum for engaging others as they also bring in individuals from industry and law enforcement. Mine is on the program committee for the NSF Security Summits. Mine reported via the phone, that the OSG Security Team has identified and documented several risks regarding DOE Grids CA management and are working on mitigation (on their twiki site). For some of these mitigations Steve Cotter has agreed to hire a consultant to work to work with &quot;us&quot; on some of these mitigations. It was noted that from recent years experience (e.g., NY Times articles, White House briefings, etc.), that any appearance that the collaborations are proceeding without any awareness of the risks involved with the technologies they are using can lead to big negative impacts. One way forward is a clear documented process that subsumes the fact that we are aware that this security is a work in progress, it is not assumed to be impenetrable, it has risk associated with it and have identified the appropriate level of effort needed under certain assumptions of usage. 

---+++ _OSG Science Domain Metrics_

Ruth reported that this was an action item from the council a year ago to to capture the science affiliation or domain of the users of the OSG. This was discussed in a blueprint meeting of the possibility of using a tag with each job and it was decided that the technology to do this was not there. As an alternative, it was decided to do something that was administrative, which was to register the science domain of the users from each VO for use in a mapping. This has been implemented. There are some initial graphs, but it is not viewed as being correct yet. The input to the system is known to not be up-to-date and/or not current. This is based on the accounting system data. It was recommended that VOs send their corrections to the GOC. For complex VOs such as regional grids a web page is provided by the VO with the mapping of the DNs to the science domains. It is possible to add science domains to the list. We are starting the process of communicating the existence of the system and requesting that VOs review their specified science domain. Shaowen was asked as a representation for the Collective VO to look at the data and critic the information being presented and he agreed - this report has a [[&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;&amp;#8233;http://t2.unl.edu/gratia/bar_graphs/monthly_field?starttime=2008-08-01%2000:00:00&amp;endtime=2009-08-01%2023:59:59][URL]] used to present this data. Council requested that the GOC (via Scott) canvas the VOs with an email to describe the system, what is presentable and provide instructions for updating the science domain information along with a deadline assuring closure for this activity. A status update on the VO update to the council at a future meeting. 

---+++ _Closeout_

A question of when and where the next OSG All-Hands Meeting was raised. A doodle poll should be set up to identify  the best week. Council Co-Chairs should canvas the council to identify a host site for the meeting.

As a last item of business the council reviewed the previous set of action items, along with the recorded new action items from this face-to-face. These were documented on the action item [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][page]]

%ENDCOLOR%

---+ Documents

---++ Governance Docs

   * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0000/000070/009/ByLaws-1.0.3e-final.pdf][OSG Council By-Laws]]
   * [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=314&amp;version=4&amp;filename=OSGmanagementPlan-v5-3.pdf][OSG Management Plan]]
   * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0000/000099/004/GovernanceProcedures.pdf][OSG Governance Procedures]]
   * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0003/000311/004/osg-voting-rules-v1.0.pdf][OSG Voting Rules]]

---++ Meeting Agenda Docs

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGScienceDomainReport.pdf][OSGScienceDomainReport.pdf]]: Field of Science Report in the OSG; Contributed by Brian Bockelman

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_TG_SharedPriciples_v4-3.docx][OSG_TG_SharedPriciples_v4-3.docx]]: Joint Statement of Agreed Upon Principles between OSG and TeraGrid (DRAFT)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/CollectiveVORep2.pdf][CollectiveVORep2.pdf]]: Second Council Representative Seat to the Collective VO

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/ChairReport.pdf][ChairReport.pdf]]: OSG Council Chair Report (PDF)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/avery_OSG_isgtw_2009aug11.pptx][avery_OSG_isgtw_2009aug11.pptx]]: iSGTW summary of recent activities

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/BillPKIEmail.pdf][BillPKIEmail.pdf]]: Risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO-OSG-Futures.pdf][LIGO-OSG-Futures.pdf]]: LIGO-OSG-Futures.pdf

