---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Jan25][January 25]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * Jim Fromm
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * Keith Chadwick
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+ Gratia

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

v1.02.01 has been release and installed, not yet sent to VDT (need update to configure_gratia to &#39;correct&#39; the addresses and default).
Brian also asked to add a feature to the dcache transfer probe to be able to interpret the PostGres file containing db connection information.

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi

Dan: Proceeding with the hardware reorganization ... Expecting to do the OSG collector.  Given the experience with the Fermi collector this should be an unnoticeable downtime.

---+++RSV

Ras.

---++OSG

Brian: Jim is working on a report to improve OSG response to non-critical service outage.   The document currently only contains GOC&#39;s description of the events. 

Mine: I am hearing that there is very few sites running RSV probes.

Chris: For a period RSV probes where quirky way to be configured and prone to stop by themselves.

Brian: I think most of this issue have resolved.

Brian: There is not firm policy on way to handle name changes.

Keith: Name change of gateway should be automated.

Ruth: A documentation of the current procedure should be added.

Philippe: and this document should also be the repository of the list of scenario we can think of for today (and guesstimate of which are automatable).

Brian: I would like that Gratia to look for an IP in OIM and infer the sitename.

Ruth: let&#39;s put it on the back burner. 

   * We are starting to get transfer information from sites.  We would like to integrate transfer data into site and VO reports. 

Brian: Transfer data is coming in.  I would like to add to the Site Email Report, some Transfer information.  (this is not high priority).

Philippe: We&#39;ll think about it.

   * How does gratia handle probe name changes and site name changes?  How can we automate this?
      * I.e., what&#39;s the procedure for renaming things in Gratia?
   * How much integration exists between OIM and Gratia for making sure the resource name for a FQDN in OIM is equal to the site name for a probe in Gratia?
   * We need to develop a policy for OSG on how name changes are handled -- for example, do we automatically rename sites, only upon request from an admin (i.e., PROD_SLAC-&gt;WT2), or are there cases where we want to keep the old and new data distinct (Purdue-Lear and Purdue-Steele are completely different clusters; Lear was decommissioned and Steele was brought up with the same FQDN)

---++WLCG 

Ras.

---++Fermi/CD

Jim F.: Reviewing existing project requirements and trying to define the future work.  Vicky is interested in reusing as much as possible of the existing infrastructure (i.e. the option of rewriting everything is somewhat out of the picture).
Vicky is interested in process level accounting (efficiency, etc).  Need higher level view.  Vicky has some concern of hyperthreading ... but Steven thinks this no longer an issue (FermiGrid is turning off hyper-threading).

---++Development

v1.04: Good progress on authentication (all technical roadblock have been removed).  Since we accept certificate by default, in order to allow for marking as bad record that have been replicated many times, we will need to add to the data some sort of provenance.

---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

Chris: OIM data has some issue because Friday somebody signed up with an interesting &#39;name&#39; (unusual character encoding and passing it along claiming it was UTF-8 even-though it was not) and we needed to add code to deal with it.
This is now operating (but OIM need to &#39;fix&#39; the underlying problem).

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++Action 

---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity

Andrii: I&#39;ll skip this one. I was not working on topic this past week. but soon will. 
