%TOC%

---+ OSG Operations Meeting Minutes 07/13/2005

   The meeting of the Operations group was held today, 
   Wednesday at 1:30pm Chicago time.

Call: 510-665-5437
Meeting ID: 786996

Attendees: RobQ, DougO, Fred, Burt, Dane, Razvan, Steven, Craig, Bockjoo

---++ Current OSG Trouble Ticket Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

   * Rob will review the sites vs the registration informaiton to make sure GridCat is up to date
   * Rob will request the OSG-Registration Account
   * Rob will add all registered Support Centers to the Footprints dropdown. 
   * Is $APP required to be available to the worker nodes. As long as it points to the same disk space. 
   * Clear statement on how env varibles need to be set up between head and worker nodes. Craig will bring this up in the ITB meeting.
   
---++ Current USCMS Trouble Ticket Review

   * Lisa&#39;s questions about tickets
   * PSU not accepting PBS jobs

---++ Updates from other support centers

   * Razvan - No comments from ATLAS

---++ Others topics from the group 

   * No additional comments


-- Main.RobQ - 29 Jun 2005


-- Main.RobQ - 13 Jul 2005

