%TOC%
---++ Special Council Session Tuesday March 12th 12.15 pm  - 1.15 pm Indiana time, IT407 
   * Logistics: projector,  conference table,  food allowed. Visitor access badges needed.
   * Teleconference phone number: 1-866.740.1260  Access code: 8403921#
   * Application from Notre Dame to join the OSG Council -  Jarek Nabrzyski, Director of Notre Dame&#39;s Center for Research Computing (Sponsors: Miron Livny, Ruth Pordes) - [[%ATTACHURL%/JarekOSG-March2013.pdf][slides]]

MOTION:  To accept the application from ND CRC to be a member of the OSG Council. 

&lt;i&gt;Passed unopposed.&lt;/i&gt;

---++!! Council Face-to-Face, March 14th 1 pm - March 15th 12 pm.
---+++ Logistics

   * Location: Indiana University- Purdue University Indianapolis, Informatics and Communications Technology Complex (ICTC), room IT 407 (This is the same building other AHM events will be held at, however, the meeting room is in a secure area- you can *check in on the 5th floor to receive an access badge*.
   * Date/Time: Thursday, March 14 from 1pm-5pm  and Friday, March 15 from 8 a.m.- noon 
   * Teleconference phone number: 1-866.740.1260 
   * Access code: 8403921



---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: Horst Severini (DOSAR), Chander Seghal (Project Manager), Lothar Bauerdick (Executive Director), Ruth Pordes (Chair), Rob Quick (Indiana University), Steffen Lutz (SLAC), Rob Gardner (U Chicago), Paul Avery (UFlorida), Piotr Sliz (SB Grid), David Swanson (HCC), Brad Abbot (Tevatron) Gabriele Garzoglio, Von Welch (PKI), Victoria White (FNAL), Ian Fisk, Miron Livny (Condor/Technical Director)

   * Remote Attendance: Ken Bloom, Tom Hacker, Jerome Lauret, 
   * Regrets-notification given: Bill Barnett, Greg Bell, Amber Boehnlein, Michael Ernst, Jim Shank, Rick Snider
   * Regrets: Kimberly Myles 
---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/February-12-2013][February Teleconference]]

---++ March 14th
---+++ Officers Reports:
   * 1pm.....Council Chair Report and Q&amp;A Session -  Ruth Pordes
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/Council_Chair_Report_V1.pptx][Report]]

   * 1.30 pm.....Executive Director  Report  - Lothar Bauerdick
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/2013-03-OSG-CouncilMtg.pdf][Report]]
      * Transition in the OSG Software area.
      * Status of the new Networking area.
      * XSEDE Service Provider Forum report - Miron Livny
      * Summary of Year 1 of  OSG project, budget summary, state of planning for Year 2 of OSG project
      * Collection of questions from Council members for future reports.

---+++  Special orders 
   * 2.30 pm.....[[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-Council-PKI-Welch-2013.pptx][PKI Transition Project Report]] - Von Welch
   * 2.50 pm.....[[%ATTACHURL%/XSIM-OSG-Council-March-2013.ppt][XSIM Satellite]] - Von Welch

  
3.30 pm.....BREAK     
      
---+++ Council Sub-Committee Reports.
   * 3.45 pm.....OSG Sustainability after 5 years - Miron Livny, Jim Shank, Ian Fisk, Ruth Pordes
      * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf][OSG Sustainability]]
   * 4.15 pm.....OSG Council Structure - Amber Boehnlein, Vicky White, Ruth Pordes
      * revised [[%ATTACHURL%/By-Laws-2013.pdf][Bylaws]]
   * 4.45 pm.....OSG and Industry -  David Swanson, Piotr Sliz, Ken Bloom, Ruth Pordes
      * [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.pdf][OSGs Relationship with Industry]]
      * Pending is a [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/OSG_use_by_Commercial_Entities_v2.docx][proposed change]] to the &quot;guidelines for engaging with Commercial Organizations&quot;. The proposed changes are under consideration by the Executive Team over the next few months.
   * Acceptance of the Sub-committee reports and next steps 

&lt;i&gt;Too early for this to occur&lt;/i&gt;
 
   * 5:00 pm...

6:00 pm.... COUNCIL DINNER: [[http://www.palomino.com/][Palomino restaurant]]

----+++ Items for Friday meeting

   1 Revisit the dates for face to face meetings in light of existing Council and potential Council member conflicts.
   1 Give a statement with respect to quarterly vs. monthly meetings - Ruth.


----+++ Action items generated

   1 Subcommittee to report on subclassifications of organizations to the consortium (such as to distinguish in OIM PKI-only VOs from VOs that consume other services)
   1  follow up on VLab - Ruth
   1 A response is needed from the project concerning accounting based on this meeting and elsewhere. Determine whether accounting in reports meets everyone&#39;s needs. For example, VO acronyms are not useful to the uninitiated within the NSF, department directors, etc. Find effort for accounting. Currently there is virtually none. We have to show which funding office or director we service. -- Lothar, Ruth, 
   1. Tell the VOs and users that they are expected to provide citations when the OSG is referenced. Follow up with council members on this - Ruth
   1. discuss (offline) whether OSG is a specifically USA institution, in contrast to defining OSG as an international entity. This question emerged regarding the goal of cultivating connections to Latin America and Asia. 


MOTION:  To thank Von from the project for his hard work and a smooth transition.
&lt;i&gt;Passed unopposed.&lt;/i&gt;

MOTION: Accept the plan from NEES 2 to partner with OSG. &lt;i&gt;Passed unopposed.&lt;/i&gt;



---++March 15th
---+++ Special orders 
   * 8.30 am.....Resources - discuss policy for resource usage by members, users, non-members;  how to find additional resource contributors. (Action item 95).

*Sustainability Cont*
   * consider how to retain and attract employees who will drive, guide and grow OSG.
   * Some council members think that brain drain is not an organizational problem, but just the inevitable result of typical career growth that you will find anywhere
   *  in contrast, it was suggested that there is no clear career advancement trajectory from within the organization and that people are forced to leave to progress
   *  another theory is that the work is not varied enough and that the rate of innovation and the enthusiasm that accompanies it may have dropped off.
   *  it was also suggested our employees who are less than 1 FTE may be less inclined to commit to OSG because their priorities lie with another organization
   * outreach may need to be done to get scientists in different disciplines to be interested in larger scale computing
 
MOTION: to ask the executive director to sponsor a process to get a white paper including input from inside and outside members of the consortium to outline a path to sustainability for OSG. &lt;i&gt;Passed unopposed.&lt;/i&gt;
 
   * Organize a framework to generate/accept collaboration, solicitations and proposals. Rob G found success on this topic with a series of meetings and workshops in the past.
---+++ Council Member Visions
Each member is asked to present their  the following topics covering the next few years of their thinking:
   * Why OSG is important to me 
   * How I plan to help the Campus Program
   * What I want/plan to do over the next two years to lead - ensuring the success of the OSG
   * OSG evangelization/ambassador efforts
   * What staff I am contributing and would like to contribute to the OSG activities

 Thur  * 3:10 pm.....SBGrid - Piotr Sliz
 Thur   * 3:20 pm... [[%ATTACHURL%/NEES_3_12_2013.pptx][NEES_3_12_2013.pptx][NEES]]  - Tom Hacker

Submitted written input ... [[%ATTACHURL%/ESnet_OSG.pptx][ESnet_OSG.pptx][ESNET]] -  Greg Bell

9.00 am.....[[%ATTACHURL%/IU.txt][IU]] - Rob Quick (Alternate for Bill Barnett)

9.10 am.....[[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/hcc-osg-vision.txt][UNL HCC]] - David Swanson

9.20 am..... [[%ATTACHURL%/Condor.txt][CONDOR/GLOW]]  - Miron Livny

9.30 am.....[[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/dosar-osg-vision.txt][DOSAR]]  - Horst Severini

9.40 am.....UFI  - Paul Avery

9.50 am...ATLAS [[%ATTACHURL%/atlas-osg-vision.pptx.pdf][presentation]] - Rob Gardner (Alternate for Jim Shank, Michael Ernst)   

10.10 am...[[%ATTACHURL%/20130315_OSG__Council_-_Fermilab.pptx][Fermilab]]  - Vicky White

10.20 am...[[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/Tevatron_OSG_Council_Mar15_2013.pdf][RUN II]] - Brad Abbott 

10.30 am... [[%ATTACHURL%/Council-STAR-why-important.pdf][STAR]]  - Jerome Lauret (by phone)
 
10.40 am......[[%ATTACHURL%/SLAC.txt][SLAC]] - Steffen Luitz (Alternate for Amber Boehnlein)

10.50 am......[[%ATTACHURL%/CMS.txt][CMS]] - Ken Bloom (by phone)

---+++   Unfinished business.
   * 11.00 am....Action items, plans, wrap up
      * Semi-annual face to face in August/September
      * Next years AHM. Request from STAR to have this later in the year. Are there other ideas?

SLAC have offered to have the next AHM in 2014. Check with the local organizers to ensure the cost is not much more than UNL or IU.


---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: Quarterly meeting Will be decided by Doodle Poll. Council Chair will have open office/mike once a month time TBD by Doodle Poll.


---+++ Adjournment
   * 12 pm


-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 29 Jan 2013




   * [[%ATTACHURL%/JarekOSG-March2013.pptx][JarekOSG-March2013.pptx]]: JarekOSG-March2013.pptx



   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf][OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf]]: OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Council_Chair_Report_V1.pptx][Council_Chair_Report_V1.pptx]]: Council_Chair_Report_V1.pptx










