---+ OSG Documentation Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Tuesday September 29, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 10:00 am Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees
Main.BrianBockelman, Main.RobertEngel, Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.IwonaSakrejda, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel


---++ Agenda/Meeting Notes
---++++1. Review/Discussion of InstallDocContentRequirements
This looks good.  Like the fact it is short.  We might want to reorder the needs in some priority order.  It will be more comprehensible to writers after we have some documents in the new format.

---++++2. Review/Discussion of Trash.ReleaseDocumentationDocInstallTemplate
%NOTE% The sections with blue font are ones we need to discuss.
   1. Put Software version and Engineering Considerations as subsections of the introductions - make them stand out but take less space.
   1. Put Checklist before First Time Install
   1. Remove Fresh Install and Update
   1. Change File Locations to Debugging and put in info to help users debug a problem (things to check, log files to review, etc.)
   1. Move the Standard approach if you need help earlier in the document - we need to write that page

---++++3. Review/Discussion of application of these for Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone
   1. Tanya will email Iwona comments
   1. Jim will talk to Iwona with his questions


---++++4. Next steps
   1. Meet weekly on Tuesday at 10:00-11:00 CT.  Jim will schedule.
   1. Jim will update Trash.ReleaseDocumentationDocInstallTemplate
   1. Iwona will update Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone
   1. Jim &amp; Tanya will meet next week to discuss the organization and content of Storage area documentation 



-- Main.JamesWeichel - 28 Sep 2009
