---++ Action/Significant Items: 
   * Work on how to drop packages from the software stack (example dcap). This will take some coordination from the Technology and Production teams, Rob will take up this issue with Brian and Tim.

---++ Attendees: Tim, Rob, Suchandra, Scott, Marco, Armen, Tony, Chander, Mine, 

---++ CMS (Tony)
   * Job statistics for last week
      * 13,959 jobs/day

   * Transfer statisics for last week
      * ~453 TB/day

---++ Atlas (Armen &amp; Xin)

   * General production status.
      * USATLAS production over the last week was overall stable, at the average level around 16-24K running jobs, mostly simulation type. The production level started to decrease over the weekend, and picked up again Monday, very much like last week.
   * Job statistics for last week.      
      * Gratia report: 1.5M pilot jobs run on USATLAS sites, with CPU/walltime ratio of 86%
      * Real Jobs processed by US sites for last week, reported from PanDA monitor 
         * 1.5 M
   * Data Transfer statistics for last week
      * Data transfer rate was around ~650TB/day at BNL T1. 
   * Issues

---++ Grid Operations Center (Scott T.)

---+++ Operations Last Week
   * [[http://tinyurl.com/awjvo52][GOC Services Availability/Reliability]]
   * [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus/index?datasource=status&amp;count_sg_1=on&amp;count_active=on&amp;count_enabled=on][Current Status]]
   * ITB release, [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2013/03/goc-services-update-tuesday-march-26th.html][Release note]] is available.
   * multiple false alarms on BDII, under control
   * OSG-XSEDE daemon failed. Machine is under very heavy load, port starvation is likely the cause.
      * Machine [[http://osg-xsede.grid.iu.edu/monitoring/condor/condor_1day.png][load]]
   * !FermiGrid Ops
      * discovered a report of java exceptions on gratia

---+++ Operations This Week
   * Production Release, no issues encountered
   * !FermiGrid Ops
      * will fix gratia (scheduled for yesterday, no confirmation at this time)
   * WMS Glide In Factory
      * Plan to turn off glidein monitoring slots from factory by default
      * This will reduce unnecessary load / memory usage on frontend user collectors if they are not needed
      * Sent notice to all frontend users last week
      * Showed frontend admins how to enable monitoring slots from the frontend if they require them
   * Oasis 
      * Final Preparation to go operational 9/Apr
      * security had &quot;last round&quot; of questions
      * Draft SLA are available for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OASISServiceLevelAgreement][Stratum 0 and login node]] and for the [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ReplicaServiceLevelAgreement][Stratum 1]]
   * New VO Package will be released shortly
      * 3 New VOs and a host of minor updates
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/PackageV44][Change Log]]

---++ Campus Infrastructures / HTPC (Dan, Brooklin)


---++ Software (Tim)
   * Release 3.1.16: Next Tuesday (2 April)
      * LSF fixes (lsf.pm, osg-configure, Gratia probe, etc.)
      * Non-LSF osg-configure fixes
      * OSG PKI tools version 1.1
      * New =osg-ca-scripts=, which works in RPMs and tarballs

   * [[Documentation/Release3.Java6Migration][Java migration from Oracle JDK 6]]
      * Tested OK: dcache-srmclient, Hadoop 0.20, VOMS Admin server, !GridFTP-HDFS, Pegasus
      * Tested with minor issues: !BeStMan 2, Gratia, GUMS
      * Still to test: Hadoop 2.0
      * No plans to test: CE-Monitor
      * Now fixing minor issues, then start retesting and planning an alpha release

   * [[SoftwareTeam.NonRootClients][Non-root client installs]]
      * Alpha tests should start tomorrow (or at least this week)
      * Have several beta testers lined up
      * Compiling list of end-user notes (e.g., how updates work)

   * Other projects
      * Hadoop 2.0
      * SLURM support (Suchandra)
      * HTCondor RPM work
      * HTCondor-CE


---++ Integration (Suchandra)
   * Testing
      * Tested VO package v44
      * SLURM/CE support  - just got access to sandhill cluster, will investigate Igor&#39;s scalability issues
      * LSF CE - OSCER has updated rpms, they&#39;re testing now

---++ Site Coordination (Marco)
Note that this report lists the currently active resources in OSG.
If a site is down or not reporting it will not be counted.
Therefore there may be fluctuations.
Each line has the current number and variation from last week in parenthesis.
You can find a table with current OSG and VDT versions at http://www.mwt2.org/~marco/myosgldr.php
   * Site update status (from !MyOSG as of today):
      * Most recent production version is OSG 3.1.15 / 1.2.32
      *       70 (0) OSG 3.x (      13 are 3.1.15)
      *       36 (0) OSG 1.2.X resources (       1 are 1.2.32)

---++ User Support (Chander, Mats)

SNOWMASS LHC-Theory group is in full production via vo=osg; used &gt;100K hours per day for the last two days.

Talked with SMU staff yesterday; they have biologists who need more computing than is locally available.  We are discussing options with them including BOSCO, using their local cluster, flocking to OSG-XSEDE, or setting up a front-end.  They are working to understand the characteristic of the user’s job.

---++ Security (Mine)
   * Emergencies/Vulnerabilities/Incident
      * None
   * Operations
      * Traceability requirements. Security team installed and ran a test frontend to examine the tracing capability. This Friday we will do a security exercise with OSG-XSEDE frontend. We will go through in detail how much of the traceability requiremenst can be met by the frontend as it is. WE will share our findings with area coordinators. 
      * New CIlogon Basic CA feature. Enhanced command line client. It can create a certificate and proxy on the command line instantly. It works very similar to CIlogon Basic CA that works with browsers. User authenticates with their campus and receives an automatic certificate form CILogon Basic. If you have users who can benefit, please contact security team. 
      * Security team is integrated into the new VO registration process. First two VOs JLab and Glast. How should we connect with them? 
      * CVMFS risk assessment is completed by security team. We will send this to GOC staff tomorrow. If there is no mistakes and disagreement, we will send this to OSG Mgmt and file our assessment. 
      * OSG PKI. DOEgrids stopped issuing certificate yesterday. From now on we only use OSG CA. Still documentation work needed. We notice many release documents still point to DOEGrids, we are working on this and clean it up by next week. The documentation for the new PKI was completed a while ago, but it did not get linked into all other OSG documentation. 

There was a discussion between Mine, Marco and Rob about the procedures involved in issuing certificates, specially id the GA has no administrative rights on the host the certificate is requested for. Th conclusion was that the GA has just to verify te identity of the requestor and that she/he actually sent the request. There is no responsibility over the host the certificate was asked for. As a result of the discussion the certificate in ticket https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/13985 was approved. An offline discussion should clarify easy procedures and which adre the GA responsibilities  specifically in the following corner cases:
   * users that are not OSG member (but were covered by DOEGrids) request a host certificate
   * users request a certificate and the GA has not administrative rights on the host and no way to verify who is the host administrator. The GA can verify that the requestor works for the institution that owns the domain of the host and that the requestor actually sent the request but no more than that.

---++ The full report with links is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/WeeklyProductionMeetings

&lt;del&gt;-- Main.RobQ - 05 Mar 2013&lt;/del&gt;-- Main.RobQ - 05 Mar 2013
