---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Brian, Alain, Mine, Rob Quick, Gabriele, Chander

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items
   * Chander to ask Tanya to review the public storage plan with the Area Coordinators
   * Cancel next week&#39;s Area Coordinator call due to conflicts with CHEP.

---+++ Technology - Brian Bockelman
   * see pdf file attached to this page

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzogio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-22][REQUESTS-22]] (regularize how we benefit from lessones learned): does Production have cycles to define a root-cause analysis process for OSG?
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-42][REQUESTS-42]] (Improve glexec debugging documentation): discuss and assign pending request.
   * Status of accepted technology area requests:  [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-26][REQUESTS-26]] and [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-27][REQUESTS-27]]


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 16 May 2012

