---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Mine Altunay, Dan Fraser, Brian Bockelman, Chander Sehgal, Gabriele Garzoglio

Regrets: Rob Quick, Alain Roy


---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico - no new items identified

---+++ Follow-up Action Items
   * Brian will contact Von to determine the incremental cost of a cert (maybe 1000 certs) as input for the proposed work to eliminate certs at worker nodes.

---+++ User Support - Chander Sehgal
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/User_Support_Report_9may2012.pdf][OSG User Support Report - 9 may 2012]]

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzogio





-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 08 May 2012


