+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |

---++ Attendees

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * New Research Highlight on Protein Evolution (http://www.opensciencegrid.org/using-the-osg-to-study-protein-evolution-at-the-university-of-pennsylvania/)
   * New Research Highlight on rodent brains (http://www.opensciencegrid.org/harnessing-the-osg-to-better-understand-the-brain/)
   * Year end round up article in the works for Jan release
   * Draft &quot;Calling Card&quot; produced and distributed at SC2015
      * Sent 500 about 100 came back to IU
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * I&#39;ve been doing better at this. Tweeted several newsletter stories and a few pics of the 1B hour milestone.
   * FNAL Listserv Cleanup Project
   * Katherine setting up Face-to-Face with Rob G to review opensciencegrid.org
      * This was delayed

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Need more Research Highlight subject matter

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   * Blog vs Monthly Mailing of Newsletter - No progress - I don&#39;t sense much of an appetite for this? This idea can be scrapped IMO. 
   * Partner with OSG User Support on Web Site - See above
   * Metrics - publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, publish 3-4 newsletter monthly, tweet 5-10 items per week. 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. Soichi has begun his transition to his new position
      * Now 50% FTE on OSG mostly concentrating on PerfSONAR service deployment. 
      * Sarah Schmiechen taking on added responsibilities within the group
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Production release on Sept 14. 
      * Services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
      * Offer collection services to PRAGMA - Jen Schopf will discuss this with Phil Popadopoulus and get back to us
      * Still some delays on SSD drive installation
         * We went with cheaper 3rd party hardware and are suffering the conquences
   4. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
      * Tim and I have been doing some work to collect feedback form sights that have not yet transistioned. (https://docs.google.com/a/wisc.edu/spreadsheets/d/1JkkUs-oByq0HCLKlQafoNgM_avR2bKBlMoRBUP50Ms0/edit?usp=sharing)
         * Main feedback is there is some surprise when contacting the resource admins directly. We need to compose an &#39;introduction to HTCondor&#39; to help ease this into the non-USLHC communities.  
   5. OASIS delivery of CA/CRLs 
      * Security Trash/Trash/Blueprint proposed a path forward - We will continue offering this until Pilots can carry these credentials for stage out to GridFTP servers (or other storage). 
   6. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We&#39;ve been moving backwards with new perfsonar and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
      * OSG Environment Discovery
         * Based on job activity not registration
      * Cleaning up expired/out dated documents from the TWiki
         * Begun gathering metrics on TWiki usage to determine what are the most visited pages
         * Determine a proper archiving method, we want to remove documents from public but keep a record for revisiting if necessary
   7. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are evaluating Service Now ticketing
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL
      * I expect a very slow burn to full implementation
   8. Final move of legacy contents from software.grid.iu.edu
      * Working to be sure all RSV probes are updated and all users have removed dependencies
      * No recent progress - Tim C and I will be revisiting this very soon
   9. Recommending a Site Support Blueprint 
      * Operational services offered to admins 
         * Are we monitoring the wrong points? Are we visualizing the wrong things? How do we monitor the workflow from submission points to factory to pilot to output?
         * What should we be offering as services to OSG Resource Admins operationally, service desk, and software releases? 
      * Operations, Technology (Software), Production Support and User Support should be invited

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Soichi now 50%
      * Interview have gone slowly, there is no estimate for naming a replacement
   2. Service Effort Adding Up
      * Currently sustainable but with limitations
      * Additional pressure in this area due to staffing changes
      * OASIS effort has leveled off
   3. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   4. BDII Deprecation
      * Active discussion with technology and WLCG on how to handle information services
         * Current plan is to provide WLCG with infomation is JSON format from OIM data (existing with possible minor extensions). 
         * My mail to the WLCG-IS working group chair and OSG and GLUE2.0 - &quot;As I’ve repeated several times over several years, OSG has no plans to implement GLUE 2.0 in general. Outside of these specifically defined uses for WLCG, we will not being putting any effort into providing information in a GLUE2 schema.&quot;
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   1. Many of these are behind due to staffing discussed above.
   2. Goal #5 - &quot;Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort.&quot; - Additional hardware in place for production services providing a home for this work. 
   3. Goal #6 - &quot;Continue to provide training on new technologies to equip support desk staff to troubleshoot issue as they are reported.&quot; - Working with UCSD !GlideIn Ops to provide access to logs and common problems documentation so Ops support can do more indepth and proactive troubleshooting of !GlideInWMS problems. 
   4. Goal #7 - &quot;Develop and share a set of metrics that provide a reasonable measure of responsiveness to stakeholder tickets.&quot; - See draft document at - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket
   

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Working with PRAGMA to offer Networking Services.
   2. Agreed at the Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting to continue delivering CA/CRLs with OASIS but we&#39;ll transition to using transports via pilots.
   3. Evaluating ServiceNow for ticketing, although this is a long-term project

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Looking for more Research Highlight
   2. No good progress in finding an appropriate replacement for Soichi. Sarah Schmiechen is doing a good job at keeping operations afloat.
   3. Service effort is under pressure also due to staffing changes

Key Accomplishments
   1. Produced OSG &quot;Calling Card&quot; for SC.
   2. HTCondor transition plan: working now with non-USLHC sites


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 17 Nov 2015
