---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Mar17][March 17]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

No release of the short term horizon.

Brian: I am planning to fix the duplicate detection.   I would like to have a patch release that include the turning of the duplication detection for the service schema.

---+Services Operation

Chris: Still trying to understand some performance issues ; don&#39;t know why the optimization of the DB table on g12x5 affected the recording collecting on the other schema ; maybe the raid array was saturated ; the performance we see for _this_ raid array is not in line with the other raid array.   

Chris: We might move the directory for the temporary table to a different disk (maybe SSD).

Philippe: What is the space gain of optimization (In the running case)?

Keith: From 143Gb down to 114Gb and is back 118Gb.

Philippe: This is not a great difference, you might consider running the optimization less often.

Keith: We ought to optimize if we reach 50% of utilization.  So yes.

Chris: In addition, the replication salve is running behind ... seeming because the house keeping is slow.

---++OSG/Fermi

Brian: OSG is discussing on how we could upgrade the probe to be run as non-root.   For the probe that do not need root access, we should already make sure they are not run as root.

Brian: The transfer probe and service probe do not need root access.

---++RSV

Rob: The RSV collector has been working fine ; the upgrade to the latest code went without problem.

---+OSG Issues

Rob: several changes to MyOSG and OIM but none that should affect Gratia, except the deprecation of the active field.
I recommend that you test against the ITB services.

Rob: We are thinking of moving the reporting to GOC.

Philippe: &quot;Which&quot; reporting are you talking about?

Brian/Rob: We are talking only about the capacity reporting.

Rob: Do you have a tracking tool expliciting what you are working on.

Rob: See http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2010/03/goc-service-update-tuesday-march-30th.html 

Philippe: Not for the full project, the best is to attend this meeting.

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

On transfer report, I am waiting on input from Philippe and Brian.

On big integer upgrade, there are still problems in the replication code.   Also I need to review the upgrade code.

Chris: the upgrade code does not work for upgrading from schema 78 to 86.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
