---+++A preliminary list of notes, topics and decisions from OSG Executive Team Meetings

Action items and decisions only for 2013. 

---++++ 2013


02-27-3. Related to 02-14-2: Lothar to request/schedule a phone call between the  OSG and XSEDEgroups on architecture.
----

02-14-1. Agreement/MOU with EGI. Need to understand relationship wrt WLCG and whether this is needed.  Look to raise the issues for a detailed discussion at the AHM where members of the EU operations teams (EGI? WLCG?) will be present.   - Dan &lt;b&gt;Status:&lt;/b&gt; Rob had discussions with WLCG people at AHM and plans to have a draft when he attends the EGI meeting in a couple of weeks. This will proceed.



&lt;hr&gt; 

All items below are Closed

Closed: 03-28-1. related to 02-27-2. Support for usage beyond allocations by XSEDE users. 
   1. Chander to  write a document explaining the policy for usage by XSEDE users beyond guaranteed or 1st time allocation usage?
 &lt;b&gt;Status:&lt;/b&gt; added information to the general OSG XSEDE allocation document

Closed:
03-28-2 description of production manager. 
   1. Dan to revised the current document to reflect goal that Rob Quick increased responsibility for the use of the production infrastructure and Dan has more time to focus on the Campus area.
 &lt;b&gt;Status:&lt;/b&gt; Being discussed between ED and Rob Quick as Dan has stepped down as the production coordinator.

Closed:02-27-5. osg.org 
   1. Ruth to follow up since handled opensciencegrid.org.  &lt;b&gt;Status:&lt;/b&gt; Rob Quick is following up - it all looks feasible. The auction closes May 5th. One concern is if we offer $5K too soon someone will up the ante. How high are we prepared to go? I have said $6000.

Closed:02-27-4. IRODS based Public/Opportunistic Storage
   1. Brian to follow up with Miron and Nate on potential Glow use case. 

Closed:02-14-2. CI Interoperability (OSG-XSEDE) Chander sent Miron a document on how the OSG XSEDE host is realised. 
   1. Miron will contact Mats for further details on the existing OSG XSEDE implementation. - Miron

Closed:02-27-2. Support for usage beyond allocations by XSEDE users. 
   1. Brian to follow up with Miron on Cross-CE status and plans.  
   1. Chander to  write a document explaining the policy for usage by XSEDE users beyond guaranteed or 1st time allocation usage?

Closed:02-27-1 Related to 02-14-3. Mats is back from vacation and Chander/Brian and he are starting work on this. 

Closed:02-14-3. OSG Traceability Requirements - Lothar &lt;b&gt;Status:&lt;/b&gt; Lothar/Mine presented at Fermi CS Board. Good response. Making new version based on inputs. 
   1. ok for Lothar to work with Mine to present to Fermilab Security; 
   1. Brian, Miron follow up on technical issues to check the glideinwms job logging meets the needs. Going to help the OSG VO demonstrate that those requirements can be met with the OSG VO. Requires technical understanding of what is available - Brian, Miron.
   1. When he is back from vacation, 27th, Mats will look at Mine/Lothar&#39;s document  and check how OSG VO can achieve the need. Issue of flocking not clear - Chander

Closed: 01-08-01. From ET Face to Face in January - At each meeting review list of concerns from AC - Lothar
   1. Outcome: Chander will lead this item in the ET meetings. Started on 2-27-1. 

Closed: 01-08-02. Example action item showing how will say closed



-- Main.RuthPordes - 18 Feb 2013

