---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
Ted Hesselroth, Neha Sharma, Alex Kulyavtsev, Gene Oleynick, Michael Zalokar, Alex Sim, Suchandra Thapa, Abhishek Rana, Xin Zhao.

---+++ Discussion

The Esnet &lt;nop&gt;MeetingPlace failed again, so the meeting was held on the backup number. Future meetings will use this as the primary number.

Alex Sim reported that srm-tester for v2.2 is finished and will be included in VDT. There is also a version for srm v1. Alex will make and announce a registration site for OSG storage elements to be included in his nightly tests.

Ted Hesselroth reported that there has been discussion on glue schema, how to use it&#39;s information for construction commands, compatibility with 2 srm protocols and with current practice. Algorithms have been proposed for the first of these. Ted proposed using xsl for manipulating glue schema so it can be automated; a process would run a transform on data published that would yield a command line.

Neha Sharma reported that she has begun doing transfers between the &lt;nop&gt;GridWorks test stand and UCSD. It was agreed to install an additional development version of dCache 1.8 on &lt;nop&gt;GridWorks around mid-May in order to test 1.8 -&gt; 1.7 transfers, then install dCache 1.8 on a UCSD test stand for testing 1.8 -&gt; 1.8 transfers. It was suggested that the test stand become a &quot;reference installation&quot; of dCache, representing as many features and configuration options as possible.

Ted Hesselroth reported that the ITB will use the VDT packaging of dCache to upgrade to version 1.7. Suchandra Thapa said that he had used the package for a similar purpose, and had also done a patch upgrade with it.

A new dCache patch 35 will be available soon.  A new VDT package will be made at that time. An option for installing SRM Watch will be included in the next package.

Recent email traffic on osg-storage regarding replica manager was discussed with Alex Kulyavtsev. The emails have been very fruitful in increasing understanding of the working of replica manager. It was decided for Storage Activities to supply tools in order to facilitate correct interpretation of diagnostic information, and installation of the tomcat monitoring of replica manager. Storage Activities will help determine the information to be displayed. There was discussion of the need to address the pnfs companion&#39;s synchronization issue, either in the dCache core or in supplemental maintenance scripts.

It was suggested that tickets be submitted through the OSG GOC, http://www.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/contact.pl, and the content simultaneously transmitted through email to osg-storage, in order to both track the ticket and ensure quick response. Ted Hesselroth will generate tickets for the recent osg-storage dialogs, in order to have a record to refer to in the future.



---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
%EDITTABLE{ header=&quot;| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |&quot; format=&quot;| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |&quot; changerows=&quot;on&quot;}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TedHesselroth - 19 Apr 2007
