---+!! %TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Apr9][April 9]] 
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes 
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++ Attending

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]. 
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]]. 
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]]. 

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++ Action items from previous meeting:

---++ Release v0.34

Coming along nicely. md5 calculation done. Now working on removing extra duplicate. ETA 3days.

---++ Release v0.36

Chris: Can I meet with Dan and Keith to discuss what is still missing in the documentation.

Keith/Dan: yes, sometime on Friday.

Philippe: We are feature complete.

John: I&#39;ll start testing.

Keith: We will accept new release only at most once a month (please be less than that).

Dan: Will we need help to do big upgrade changes

Philippe: In theory the documentation should have enough information to handle it with developer involvement.

Dan: Indeed the documentation is very complete. Thank you John.

Philippe: And indeed we will negotiate with FermiGrid to get the right level of script and automation.

Steve/Dan: How to handle ticket/issues where the sites are not able to report.

Philippe: It is not clear yet.. This is actually an OSG internal organization issue that needs to be resolved

Chris: We have scripts and procedures to start debugging the issue. Those could be used by the local admin or by GOC or by FermiGrid.

Dan: About the way we install/distribute MySQL. What&#39;s the difference/tradeoff between the rpm and ups distribution? Or we could use the USV repository. I am leaning toward USV.

Diana: To some extend I like that idea to.

John: What about Java and Tomcat?

Dan: USV provides a good enough version of Java and of Tomcat.

Chris: For Tomcat we need to use the tar file distribution (not the rpm).

---++ OSG Issues

Philippe: I would like to get some feedback on the list of features of v0.38 and v1.00.

---++ Test Bed

---++ Any Other Business

---++ To be discussed later:
