---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  &lt;nop&gt;%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Tuesday November 10, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 11:00 am Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 2222 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.IwonaSakrejda, Main.JamesWeichel
---++++Regrets
Main.MarcoMambelli, Main.SuchandraThapa

---++ Agenda/%BLUE%Notes%ENDCOLOR%

---++++1. Status of  Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone
   * Any further issues/changes? %BLUE%Discussed final set of issues, see Next Steps for remaining actions.   Also discussed interaction between reviewer and owner with the following results:
      1 Reviewer should be encouraged to make changes in the document during review, especially if reviewer is certain.
      1 If Reviewer is not certain how to resolve the issue, reviewer can leave a comment Or email/call Owner to discuss.
      1 If Reviewer and Owner disagree, they should discuss resolution and/or consult with others.  Most issues should be resolved to satisfaction of both.  In the end, it is the Owner&#39;s decision.
      1 As Owner resolves issues in Comments, owner should note on comment that it has been addressed.
      1 When document is deemed complete, all comments should be removed.
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++2. Separation of Documents under Development from production documents
   * Discuss current technique of ITB team and what is needed for the Documentation Alignment.  %BLUE%Will do this at an ITB meeting since Suchandra was not at the meeting%ENDCOLOR%

---++++3. Storage System Documentation
   * The organizational view suggests we should focus specific documentation for:
      * Small VO (i.e. University)
      * CMS T3
      * ATLAS T3
   * Discussion of current storage documents in ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome.   See StorageDocReview. %BLUE%Tanya reviewed and commented on most of the documents in the !ReleaseDocumentation.%ENDCOLOR%
   * Discussion of the current storage documents within the storage team area.  (Hadoop documents are being created there now.)  See StorageDocReview#StorageTeam %BLUE%To be done%ENDCOLOR%

---++++4. Next Steps

   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established - Robert/Jim
   1 Testing TWiki plugin to meet feature needs - See TechnologyUsed for a list of features and proposed technology - Robert/Kyle
   1 Complete analysis and then a proposal for Storage Documentation that can be reviewed - Tanya/Jim  %BLUE%
   1 Tanya will review the remaining documents in StorageDocReview.
   1 Robert will edit Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone to incorporate his comments (and Tanya&#39;s HDFS -&gt; NFS) which were discussed at this meeting.
   1 Tanya will send mail to Alain and Suchandra to resolve the naming of gridftp vs. gsiftp.
%BR%
     Note: Iwona will be out until December
%ENDCOLOR%


-- Main.JamesWeichel - 05 Nov 2009
