---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Chander, Gabriele, Tim T., Tim C., Clemmie, Rob Q.

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.


---++ Software - Tim Cartwright

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 6 August 2014:

   * External
      * HTCondor CE
         * Updated many aspects of HTCondor CE: HTCondor, HTCondor CE, BLAHP, osg-configure, &amp;hellip;
         * Improved and expanded documentation (e.g., [[Documentation.Release3.JobRouterRecipes][new job router recipe page]] today)
         * Helped with LSF and SGE installs and configuration
      * Shipped first unified RPM of HTCondor 8.2 into Upcoming
      * Prepared GUMS 1.4 for release (hopefully in October)
      * Started building Worker Node Client packages for EL&amp;nbsp;7
      * Lots of smaller fixes, changes, etc.
      * Lots of support
      * Contributed to releases: 3.1.39&amp;ndash;3.1.40 and 3.2.14&amp;ndash;3.2.15

   * Internal
      * Handled transition from Igor to Edgar and others
      * Completed first phase of HTCondor scalability testing

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * WBS 1: Ongoing updates, etc. &amp;ndash; not as many lately for some reason

   * WBS 2: Year 3 New Features
      * All of these items need reviewing and possibly updating/deleting

   * WBS 3: Year 3 Internal Maintenance
      * IPv6 evaluation of OSG software &amp;ndash; infrastructure ready, starting soon
      * Review Gratia probes and subdivide packaging &amp;ndash; not started yet
      * Most OSG software sources to git(hub) &amp;ndash; plans are ready, low priority
      * Update build system to EL 6 and latest version &amp;ndash; not started yet
      * Contribute patches upstream to broader distributions as appropriate &amp;ndash; stalled
         * Have identified patched EPEL packages
         * Will look for best opportunities to contribute our patches to EPEL

   * WBS 4: Documentation Renovations &amp;ndash; my project for this fall

   * WBS 5: New Stakeholder Projects
      * Package !PanDA &amp;ndash; in progress, active
      * Investigate need for packaging work for OSG Connect &amp;ndash; not started yet

   * WBS 6: Support Enterprise Linux 7
      * Add build and test support for EL 7 platform &amp;ndash; *DONE*
      * Rebuild all current packages for EL 7 &amp;ndash; in progress, starting with Worker Node Client
      * Migrate init scripts to systemd &amp;ndash; pending

   * WBS 7: Automated Testing &amp;ndash; no recent work except small patches, etc.

   * HTCondor CE transition
      * Information services system was added as a requirement by ATLAS &amp;ndash; Phase I should ship in October, Phase II in November/December
      * Still working on many enhancements and bug fixes in HTCondor, HTCondor CE, BLAHP, osg-configure, &amp;hellip;
      * Still working on improving and expanding documentation (e.g., troubleshooting guide RSN)
      * Still working on LSF and SGE &amp;ndash; communication round-trips take a long time
      * Maybe transition production from HTCondor 8.0 to 8.2 &amp;ndash; discussing with !RobQ and !BrianB on Monday

---+++ Top Concerns

   * HTCondor CE transition is seeing many challenges &amp;ndash; many bug fixes, poor (but improving) documentation, lack of experience in the field and at the GOC, etc. I think that we are tracking and working hard to get ahead of these things, but in retrospect, an earlier start and/or less aggressive schedule would have been best.

   * The backlog of useful work is still significant. We are tracking overall progress and working on it, but slowly. Put another way, our rate of ticket completion is at or just slighly above the rate of incoming tickets. Internal projects, including important ones like setting up our Madison ITB site, are wholly starved of effort.

   * There has been little to no effort put into documentation lately. We are shifting the responsibility for this area back to Software and will draft a plan to address missing, incomplete, and out-of-date documents. Effort will be available in September.

   * Many of the OSG Software team are &amp;le; 40% effort. Given the overhead of context switching, etc., our total productivitity is not the same as fewer full-time people totaling the same effort. So we are organizing work in terms of larger and smaller tasks, with bigger, more important tasks being assigned to &amp;ge; 50% staff.

---+++ Stakeholder Requests

   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-62][REQUESTS-62]]: Add extra features to GUMS (support for groups)
      * GUMS 1.4.0 should ship in October release
      * Then this is done?

   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-71][REQUESTS-71]]: Two !GlideinWMS support requests
      * Done, right?


---++ Release Management - Tim Theisen
---+++ Recent Accomplishments

   * *Releases*
      * Since last Release report
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3138][3.1.38]] | VO Package v56, osg-configure 1.0.58, RSV 3.7.18, various bug fixes |
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3214][3.2.14]] | 3.1.38 + !GlideinWMS 3.2.5.1, HTCondor CE 1.4 |
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3139][3.1.39]] | dCache-SRMClient 2.2.27, osg-pki-tools 1.2.10, blahp 1.18.9.bosco |
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3215][3.2.15]] | 3.1.39 + !XRootD 4, !GlideinWMS 3.2.6, HTCondor CE 1.5.1, Upcoming: HTCondor 8.2.2 |

   * One High-Priority Releases: None

   * Use automated testing framework for release testing
      * tests all platforms
      * automatic

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * ITB instance in Madison
      * Be better able to test the system as a whole
      * Much closer to the user experience

   * Working on a plan to involve ITB sites in testing

   * Collecting effectiveness metrics

---+++ Top Concerns

   * ITB Instance
      * Work on this is being slowed by other distractions.



---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. IPv6 evaluation starting
   2. Documentation evaluation - for the fall. Little effort so far.
   3. Packaging Panda - in progress
   4. EL7 support - in progress

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. HTCondor-CE transition is making progress with delays.
   2. Rate of closing backlog ticket is very slow. Some internal projects starved for effort, mainly the Madison ITB instance. Many team member at &lt; 0.4 FTE: restructuring assignments to better account for this.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Transitioned Igor&#39;s functions to Edgar and others
   2. HTCondor: distributing unified RPM. Improved HTCondor-CE; working on transition. Run scalability tests.
   3. GUMS v1.4 ready for release
   4. 4 releases; no high-priority releases this quarter (average = ~1/quarter). Release testing is now fully automated.


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 01 Oct 2014
