---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Apr28][Apr 28]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * Karthik

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

Chris: Short transfer collector hickups was due a permission issue that due to manual operation needed to allow db optimization to proceed.  So the collection was done for 18 hours more than necessary.

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

Brian:  Do we monitor/track/histogram the size of the queues and the number of record processed.

Brian: I think we have now 4 remote collector (Nebraska, Fermilba, USCD and Wisconcin and Oklahoma/BNL on deck).  USCD has some issue replicating but they are now all solved.

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Probe.

Chris: The latest GratiaCore.py contains code that requires python 2.4 and thus we needed an alternative valid for python 2.3

Brian: The init script for the xrootd uses the proper function provided by redhat but they do not work properly on SLC4.   So I discussed with the VDT team to use the rpm SLC5 but to also send them the init script for SLC4.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Chris: I will attempt to reply to you tomorrow about the perl reports.

Karthik: I am continuing to make good progress.

---++ Transition

Chris: Meet with Andrew last week ... Still need to start the transition proper ....

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
