---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesJuly 11][July 11]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * TBA.
   * Apologies: TBA

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

Diana: Looking at innodb is delayed until at least Aug 7th.  I might also look at using DCache
for the DB backups.

---++Collector

Margherita: I had worked on and off on the project; i spent some time with both Tanya and John Weigand
to help with VOMS; i got few tests first working first:
One test  uses trustmanager to get the my KCA certificate, and translates id showing teh ca and dn.
Then with John we added myself to VDT voms to use the voms server that runs on gratiax34.
Tested a client code that, based on the certificate returns the groups and roles i have.

Now i&#39;m incorporating voms code in the Certificate handler and i am in the testing process.

Chris: I updated the schema so that both summary and non-summary queries are always
getting &#39;corrected&#39; SiteName and VOName.

Chris: This release should be getting into the VDT 1.8.0 release.

---++Report development

Jeff: I continuing work on generalizing the reports, I am done with the typing work and need
to start testing more in depth.  Cleaning up report design (grouping parameters, etc.).  In 
consequence the conversion to Birt 2.2 will be very straight-forward.

Jeff: About the DCache reports, we are making progress, the required stored procedure 
is in place.  Karthik should have his first report ready in a few days.

Penelope: I am still struggling with setting the default parameter value, I found how to
set a specific value but not a calculated values.  In the viewer, I am looking a way around
it.

Penelope: I also looked at the &#39;See Table&#39; button, I am testing a link that ....

---++Probes

Chris: I sent Steve the Config file for psacct @ Fermilab

Chris: VDT 1.6.1&#39;s pacman update probe packaging is a bit cumbersome.
The user is __required__ to re-run osg-configure after the update.   This
is not yet document (and won&#39;t required the next not yet scheduled 
VDT update round of those packages).

---++Storage Probe

---++Test Bed

John W: I will focusing this week on the test stand and try to talk to Philippe about the Condor
and PBS issues.

---++Metrics

---++Any Other Business

Philippe: We will increase our outreach effort in general and toward OSG in particular.  We will
meet weekly with an OSG representative (or two :)) and will send regular status to the OSG
executive board.
