---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &amp;mdash; 8 February 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &amp;nbsp;&lt;em&gt;or&lt;/em&gt;&amp;nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &amp;nbsp; &amp;rarr; &amp;nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about upcoming newsletter articles
      * There is an article about Chris Cox at UW&amp;ndash;Madison that is in final stages of approval

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ User Support and Campus Grids, by Rob Gardner

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MjSFSAYwiYxSXyYjR79tAu-qnZqyQxCd4lt5pNM17SA/edit?usp=sharing


---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* 

---+++ Status Updates
   * Fsurf, an implementation of Freesurfer for OSG, is basically ready to ship (pending approval by Don Krieger).
   * OSG has helped the !Xenon1T project a great deal get set up for production work, and they are now taking data.
   * South Pole Telescope (SPT) also just started taking data, and also involved a fair amount of set up work. Now, the main follow-up work is automating data transfer to NERSC, and maybe helping them with their analysis workflow, which is derived from a workflow that Benedikt worked on for !IceCube. There was a question about how Globus Online was selected to be their main data transfer system, and mostly it came down to being the path of least resistance.
   * There are several sites queued up for Hosted CEs, and the User Support team just wants to get some good documentation in place first.
   * The team has a couple training events lined up this spring, and possibly a couple more for the summer.

---+++ Concerns
   * There just are not as many opportunistic resources available these days, and some user groups are noticing. In some cases, there may be fewer total resources available, and also there are more groups using more cycles consistently. We (OSG) have the ability to give a group special priority, but doing so is fairly rare and is decided at the Executive Director level. Brian&amp;nbsp;B. noted that we may have the technical ability to implement fair share at the group (e.g., LIGO), rather than individual, level in the near future, but that mechanism is not available yet today. In the end, simply having more total resources will always improve the situation.

---+++ Action items

Nothing in particular.
