OSG Executive Team Meeting, March 1st, 2007

%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: RobG, RobQ, Alain,  Paul, Kent, Ruth, Miron, Frank

---++ Pending Action Items and Priorities


---+++ OSG 0.6.0 release - RobG, RobQ, Alain

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/MinutesMar1][Notes from today&#39;s ITB meeting]]
summary:
   * we have received sign off of ITB 0.5.2 from several VOs, including: ATLAS, CMS, GADU, GROW, LIGO, Fermilab, NanoHUB, and SDSS 
   * efforts now are focused on provisioning the production release OSG 0.6
   * expect this to be complete, with a couple of sites testing OSG 0.6 installs by end of business tomorrow
   * planned announcement from Operations coordinator Monday morning 8am Pacific.
   * Acknowledge a lot of help from Abhishek to encourage and follow up on the VO testing. 

---+++ Effort needs for near term projects
   * OSG 0.8.0 - Alain. 

Frank asks Alain to present the spreadsheet to the Users Group on Tuesday. All hands is a forum to collect input and gather priorities. Is there a plan for 1.6.X? 
Frank and Torre will give needs for VDT/Software in order to meet the Science milestones of 6/15. 5/15 is the cut off date for new modifications for these science milestones. 
Exhausted by change. Need to go through a consolidation at some date. 
Need to focus on making new capabilities solid rather than adding new features. Talk about the milestones and how we move towards them as part of the user meeting. Discussion quality of sites at the Council. 

   * Good information in the GIPs -Rob
Membership: David Meyer (chair), Shaowen (GIP/Glue/StorageAdvertising), Gabriele (RESS), RobQ/ LDIFF collection; Chris Green (User input/Client tools), Steve Timm(Cluster config/advertisement), Suchandra (OSG Config), Alain (software integration). 
Deliverables: documentation, helping users access the information, defining and validating a core set of attributes. Focus on one aspect. Goal to complete 1st deliverable in 1 month. 

   * Validation/Availability  tests: - Ruth
   * LIGO Identity Management effort -  Doug (may be at the MSWG and not available?)
The LIGO thing  plan is  posted at [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Security/OsgLigoIdAuthz]] and Warren has it on the agenda for the next LIGO Computing Mgmt meeting.Igor Sfiligoi will be working on this 25% in the next few months.

---+++ Validation/Availability  tests
The analysis of the WLCG tests has been done. CMS in particular is requiring information on Site Availability in the WLCG-SAM repository by June 07, and is working on CMS extensions using the SAM infrastructure that are to be installed on OSG tier-2 sites.  Rob Quick has been working on evaluating the SAM infrastructures usability on OSG sites. Current CMS tests run under the CMS VO role. 

Rob has agreed to take on the technical leadership of an Activity to deliver validation/availability tests to the following schedule and given the following effort:
   a. 0.75 FTE operations tools developer at IU; ready to start after all hands meeting.
   a. John Rosheck 0.5 FTE for extending the VORS presentation and other presentation interfaces. 
   a. Abhishek Rana 0.1 FTE for CMS integration and requirements.
   a. 0.25 Software coordination expert - Wisconsin. 
   a. ? would be good to have equivalent extensions effort from BNL  to CMS...


---+++ Metrics 
I am starting to organize the activity to deliver  written metrics to the Funding Agencies by 1 April, as they requested. 
My proposal is to present
   a. Operations Ticket handling metrics. As much information and analysis that we have available.
   a. CPUHours used in various flavors. 
Information from Gratia. Showing the trends for some large sites that have been reporting for a while; showing the use by Large and small vos; giving some handwaving trends compared to the information from ML in the last year; giving the information of &quot;sharing&quot; VO usage on Sites they do not own. Indicating where the information is incomplete, not understood etc. 
   a. SIK2000s/TeraFlops accessible to OSG. Gathered by phone interview/email with the site administrators (70 phone calls in the next 10 days).
   a. Availability Testing of one essential GRid service - that is the VOMS servers
   a. Some initial analysis and explanation of the metrics shown.

Bill Kramer offered some of Jeff Porters time from the LBNL OSG Operations effort; I have talked to Rob Gardner, who has metrics within his scope as Deputy Executive Director, who has agreed to work on this activity in the short term with Jeff and organize Jeffs work between the current ITB work (site, WS Gram testing etc) and metrics; I have talked to Rob Quick who has asked Tim Silver and John Roshek to help give the information/measurements of the  GOC ticketing system and VOMS server testing; I have talked to John Urish and Marcia who will collect the resource information; Chander will help making charts from information presented.

I would like to have a brief meeting about this with those on site at UCSD on Tuesday at 8 am.


---+++ All Hands meeting 
Preparation and Expectations.

-- Main.RuthPordes - 28 Feb 2007
