---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Shawn, Gabriele, Tim C., Chander, Kevin, Tim T., Brian, Rob Q

---++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico

---++ Operations - Rob Quick  

---+++ Key Initiatives 
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * Recent Sno+ Support Concern - [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/SnoPlusService][Analysis]]
   2. Development of Staff
      * With Year 2 !SoW - Scott is now Grid Operations Center Manager and Kyle is Operations Support Manager
   3. Updates to OSG-XSEDE
      * Memory
      * Network
      * New Submission Host on Order
   4. Working on Adoption of OASIS Service
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OASISStatusUpdate][Status List]]
   5. !PerfSONAR Training for Operators
      * Dates narrowed down to the week of Sept 16 or 23. 
   6. Interoperations with EGI and XSEDE
      * EGI !MoU is now signed and in place. [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1171][Doc DB Link]]
      * XSEDE Conference
         * VOMS is being discussed as an authentication method for EGI VOs. 
         * GOC-TX is being used by XSEDE. 
      * Interoperations Session at [[http://tf2013.egi.eu/][EGI Technical Forum]]
      * ENMR VO
         * OASIS Publishing
   7. Field of Science Accounting Addition to OIM 
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Accounting/FOSAccounting][Description]]
      * [[https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/project][OIM ITB Version]]
         * Set for Production Release 8/13
   8. New Homepage will be put in place 8/13
      * [[http://www-itb.opensciencegrid.org/][Link]]

---+++ Top Concerns and Issues
   1. OSG Connect and CIC Services
      * New documentation area, new registration area
      * No concrete definition of what Operation services are needed
   2. Support Load
      * Hiring process will begin soon
   3. !PerfSONAR Datastore and Monitoring
      * OSG and WLCG?
   4. Gratiaweb lingering issues
      * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/15713][BNL Transfer Data]]
   5. 0.5 FTE Infrastructure Position

---+++ WBS Progress 
   1. Field of Science OIM - see above
      * Release v1 8/13
   2. Other Services
      * OASIS - See above
      * OSG-XSEDE - See above - Hardware in route 
      * Cross OSG CE - VO will be created this week
      * iRODS?
      * OSG Connect - See above
   3. Move BDII to Bloomington - Done (7/9)
   4. !ReSS and Pacman deprecation

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030
   
---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Revisiting SLA and reviewing priorities of GOC services (critical, high, normal) as part of periodic review
   2. Working with Sites and VOs to extend the adoption of OASIS (currently 7 VOs and ~50 sites)
   3. Focusing on various activities for interoperations with EGI and XSEDE, including: signed MoU w/ EGI; involved in the interoperations session at the EGI Technical Forum; participating to the XSEDE Conference.
   4. Enabling VO association to field of science in OIM. Working with the Gratia project to integrate the information for accounting.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Need clarification on the role of GOC for the OSG Connect and CIC Services
   2. Need to follow up on whether WLCG networking data should be stored in the OSG PerfSONAR Datastore. In parallel, we need to investigate and resolve possible scalability limitations of the store.
   3. No progress on Gratiaweb lingering issues (6 weeks): escalating with Brian.
   4. Slow progress in the selection of a back up developer for GOC (0.5 FTE) to start in Oct. The impact on the program of work is still contained.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Finalizing registration of the field of science for VOs
   2. Decided to deprecate ReSS and Pacman at the end of the year.
   3. Moved BDII to Bloomington


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 07 Aug 2013
