---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 5-Dec-2011

---++ Attending

   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Potekhin, Maxim
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Tiradani, Tony

---++ Introduce Maxim

Maxim Potekhin from Brookhaven National Laboratory just started working (50% of his team) with the OSG Software Team. He has joined the OSG Software Team mailing list and will be joining the weekly meetings. 

---++ Condor-G 7.4 vs. GRAM 5

Igor reported a problem that when jobs are submitted from Condor-G 7.4.x to GRAM 5, a single user can only run ten jobs. This has been noted in the Known Problems of our documentation. 

Tony joined to talk about this because it might have implications on WLCG compatibility because they are using Condor 7.4. Tony says that given what Brian is seeing (lots more than 10 jobs per gLite user on his production CE)), that we shouldn&#39;t about it until we have more specifics. He suspects we&#39;re okay because glite is specifying &quot;gt2&quot; and not relying on auto-detection. (Later email from Igor suggests that Condor 7.4 didn&#39;t do auto-detection. More to learn here.)

---++ State of documentation

No blocker tickets remain for the release. Marco is actively reviewing the &quot;install compute element&quot; &amp; &quot;validate compute element&quot; documents and expects they will be done shortly.. He will work on &quot;troubleshooting the compute element&quot; next. 

Alain proposed having another documentation fest, probably in early January. He talked to Jim Weichel about it on Friday, and he agrees it&#39;s a good idea. Marco and Suchandra would be likely to attend, maybe others. Marco says he can&#39;t attend during the [[http://hepuser.ucsd.edu/twiki2/bin/view/Main/GlideinFrontend1201][glideinWM VO FrontEnd meeting]] January 17-20. 

---++ Limited release of CE/RSV/SE on Tuesday, December 6th

We propose that tomorrow, Tuesday, 6-Dec-2011 that we will:
   * Move the CE, RSV, and SE to limited release (so production but not announced)
   * This will update the client, worker node client, and glexec (in general release, so announced)

People agreed that we can release, assuming no serious problems crop in in today&#39;s CMS testing of production jobs.. Details:

   * Suchandra: Go ahead with limited release. No major problems. There will be continuing VO testing during the limited release period. Mats (Engage) is still on vacation and will do more testing when he returns. Other VOs can&#39;t do testing until late December or January, and shouldn&#39;t delay the release. Xin at BNL has been doing !HammerCloud testing for the last week without problems. Rob Gardner just set up !HammerCloud testing up for the University of Chicago but it will take a while to configure, particularly because he&#39;s out for the next couple of days. Suchandra will double-check with Xin on the state of !HammerCloud testing. (Note: after the meeting, Xin gave a thumbs up and Rob agreed that we&#39;re in good shape for a release based on the BNL !HammerCloud testing.)
   * Scot: feel comfortable with limited release of RSV. There is one thing that hasn&#39;t been tested thoroughly yet, which is the fallback from using Condor-G (the current default) to =globus-job-run=. This should be tested within the next week. [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-407][SOFTWARE-407]]
   * Doug: Tentatively in support of limited release for SE. Two worries: &quot;hadoop&quot; user change and configuration changes in Bestman (it now separates out the configuration via environment variables in =/etc/sysconfig= from the other configuration.). Doug will contact Patrick McGuigan and Iwona Sakjreda to test the new Bestman configuration changes within the next week. We don&#39;t need to wait on limited release. Jeff points out that we need to push Hadoop from osg-development to osg-testing today (Alain did it after the meeting). The !GridFTP HDFS should not be pushed yet. 
   * Neha: Feels okay with yum-remove-osg plugin, ready for release.
   * Terrence: Have done testing, continues to have some errors on the submitter. He&#39;s getting about one or two held Condor-G jobs in a thousand (or more) jobs. While undesirable, not a blocker for our limited release but something that we&#39;ll continue investigating because we want to understand and eliminate it. 

Suchandra asked what the current state of CMS testing is. Tony said he was supposed to have gotten a production submitter to run tests Friday, and hopes it&#39;s up and running today. He&#39;s comfortable with the analysis jobs working. He&#39;ll have something testing production jobs today. Tony will holler if there are problems, hopefully tonight. Don&#39;t need to hold off on release. 

---++ Status Reports

   * *Alex*: (via email) &quot;We&#39;re trying to release a new Bestman2 version sometime this week.&quot;
   * *Doug*: Have fixed various problems with splitting Bestman2&#39;s configuration file into two files. Iwona&#39;s had problems with Bestman2&#39;s full mode, not going to spend much time on it. Looked into Suchandra&#39;s Xrootd issues. Working on !GridFTP-HDFS update. He noted that the glideinWMSVOFrontEnd RPM: we need to release it at some point. Decided: the current version in osg-testing will go into the release. 
   * *Jeff*: Nothing to add. See above about !GridFTP-HDFS. He won&#39;t be joining future calls on a regular basis, but he can join calls if needed.
   * *Marco*: See above on documentation. Has also been testing packages, particular ATLAS installs which had problems we resolved in the last week. 
   * *Maxim*: Just got !FermiCloud account today and is reading the documentation. When he&#39;s up to speed on the basics, Alain has a couple of other tasks lined up for him.
   * *Mat*: Code cleanup in osg-build, can now build directly from Subversion which may end up being required on day. Will release new osg-build this week, and updating the internal build process documentation.
   * *Neha*: Looked at the =yum-remove-osg= plugin problems and is looking into the Bestman source code now. Will ask questions as needed.
   * *Scot*: Getting caught up after returning from leave. Reviewed Marco&#39;s changes to the RSV documentation and they look good. Will work on RSV updates in about a week, after some Condor issues. (Scot has been splitting his time between Condor and RSV for a long time. Right now, instead of splitting on a daily basis, he&#39;s trying to focus on one or the other for longer stretches of time.)
   * *Suchandra*: Focus on testing (see above). Also updated HDFS and Xrootd nodes last week for testing. Noticed problem with the Bestman2 RPMs and definition of location of the certificate files (due to the new configuration). Specifically, if users set the certificate location in the old configuration file, this change is overridden upon upgrade because the new =/etc/sysconfig= file takes precedence. He&#39;s also had some errors with xrdcp, but he needs to reproduce them before reporting them. Worked on getting glideinWMS factory up and ready for testing the ITB. It&#39;s mostly running now, but needs more testing before submitting jobs to sites other than the UC-ITB site.
   * *Tim*: Work on his class has been all-consuming, so no work in the last week. However, it&#39;s almost done. When he returns, he&#39;ll finish up some LIGO work, then resume work on testing. 
