---+ Operations Meeting May 1, 2006
Attendees: John Rosheck, Rob, Kyle, Tim, Marty, Eric (Iowa/GROW), Neha, Fred, Doug, Steve (nanoHUB), Horst, Parag (Fermilab), Jorge, Paul Sheldon, Burt

   * 1:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999


---+ Operations Agenda
---++ Previous Meeting Notes
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesApril24

---++ Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall

---+++ Fermilab
Parag
   * 1882 Site failing critical site_verify tests - FNAL_LQCD (Power outage through end of the day.)

---+++ CDF

---+++ DZero

---+++ Community Support
Fred
Burt said tickets will start being generated for sites that do not have site policies.
   * 1876 TTU-ANTAEUS Maintenance (Periodic through May 15)
   * 1873 UC_Teraport service investigation, jobs ceased
   * 1842 Library error at Vanderbilt
   * 1828 Site failing critical site_verify tests - DARTMOUTH
   * 1827 Site failing critical site_verify tests - NTU_HEP (Inactive on GridCat)
   * 1803 TTU-ANTAEUS Site Policy Inquiry

---+++ UC CI
No representation.
---+++ USATLAS
No representation.
   * 1881 HAMPTONU failing critical site_verify tests
   * 1865 CDF Access to UC_ATLAS_MWT2
   * 1864 CDF access to BU_ATLAS_Tier2
   * 1852 CDF access to BNL clusters

---+++ DOSAR
Horst
---+++ USCMS
Burt
   * 1874 USCMS downtime, Monday, May 1, 10a-7p UTC (5a-2p CDT)
   * 1851 Unspecified gridmanager error on MIT_CMS

---+++ DES/SDSS
Neha
---+++ GADU
No representation.
   * 1861 Gadu jobs hit common file system hard at FNAL - 77471 (Burt said this is being worked on. Leave open until GADU jobs are more friendly.

---+++ GLOW
No representation.
   * 1863 GLOW Support Center registration

---+++ GRASE
No representation.
   * 1870 GRASE Resources failing critical site_verify, pending upgrade

---+++ LIGO
OSG_LIGO_PSU will be down for some maintenance tomorrow, 9-11AM EDT. 
   * 1857 LIGO Cluster maintenance Tues, May 2 1PM-3PM UTC (9-11AM EDT)

---+++ STAR
Doug
---+++ fGOC
Jorge
---+++ GROW
Eric - GROW_ITB might be going down to replace the ethernet card.
---+++ SLAC
No representation.
---+++ VDT
No representation.
   * 1840 ITB 0.3.7 / VDT 1.1.10b Monalisa VO_IO failure on user-vo map file - 77164
   * 1731 Reports CPUs numbers wrong for BNL_ATLAS site
   * 1666 VDT 1.3.10 / OSG 0.4.1 Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA MLD script needs additional options - 75818 (fixed in ML 1.5.2)
   * 1146 Target processor = x86? (nanoHUB problem)
   * 1127 OSG 0.4.0 / VDT 1.3.10 configure_voms remove function does not work - 74637 (pending 1.3.11 release)
   * 1126 OSG 0.4.0 / VDT 1.3.10 VOMS configure_voms script - log_rotate for logs not working 74641 (pending 1.3.11 release)
   * 1025 monalisa java processes stop running on cmsosgce - 73918
   * 715 GUMS Merory Leak (John W. working on it)
   * 419 VDT 1.3.9 configure_voms script not functional once root password assigned in MySql database - 66899 (fixed)

---+++ TACC
No representation.
---+++ Mariachi
No representation.
---+++!NanoHUB
Steve
   * 1669 nanoHUB jobs fail to run

---++ Current OSG/GOC Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

   * 1877 GridCat Client Utilities not Report Correct Information
   * 1875 VO registration for OSG VO
   * 1868 Request to participate in OSG (Related to 1875)
   * 1860 NERSC account disables
   * 1855 CA certificate upgrade to IGTF 1.2 distribution
   * 1836 OSG monitoring VOMS servers
   * 1808 Fermi/Remedy - 00191 - Burt&#39;s Apr 17 interop test.
   * 1778 Fermi/Remedy - 00174 - Burt&#39;s Tuesday Interop test
   * 1785 Grid Certs (GRASE)
   * 1792 ML showing significant # of jobs on NO_VO VO
   * 1764 ATHENA 11.0.42 Install Failure 
   * 1734 RS Resource/Service Registration Form Submission | UARK_HAWK *waiting for VO registration*
   * 1251 Memory Upgrade - Grid02
   * 1094 Use of user home areas--limits?  *Rob will followup at the Interoperations meeting*
   * 905 OSG version missing for VOMS/GUMS installations - 73069
   * 808 VO registration for GridChem

---++ Other Issues

---+++ 0.4.1 release
Rob said that pacman packages are being put together and the announcement should go out later this week, Friday or possibly Monday.

---+++ Reminder: May 16,17 Operations/Support Centers Workshop
Parallel sessions - topics and planning. - Doug

-- Main.TimSilvers - 01 May 2006
