
-- Main.DanFraser - 19 Mar 2010
---+++ Attendees: 
   * Rob S., Rik, Tanya, Jim, Marco, Dan
---+++ Significant/Action Items:
   * CMS has identified a need for a workshop on installing Phedex. Discussed teaming on a joint Atlas/CMS/OSG installation meeting for new T3 admins. 
      * Atlas plans to do a couple of installations (including a re-installation) first (to finalize the documentation) before deciding whether a workshop is the right model to pursue for the new T3s.
      * Problem with setting a date since the proposed workshop needs to be done after the sites have funding and equipment -- but nobody knows exactly when the sites will get funding. June may be a possible target.
      * First day or two could be hands on installation and problem solving for OSG software, then a day on setting up and problem solving on Phedex. (Rob, Marco, Dan)
   * Discussed Pakiti, the EGEE tool for analyzing site software (via a CE) to determine which software security patches need to be applied.
      * Currently there is no selective way to view the data (everyone can see all the sites) -- this is planned for the future but Jim was unsure of the release dates when it might be possible for sites to see only their own data. 
      * One possibility is for OSG (or CMS, or other VOs) to centrally run this software and then inform each site separately about any issues detected (Jim)
      * Another possibility is for each site to run its own version of Pakiti. The installation however was not found to be as easy as the developers said it would be. Also the central web interface was helpful since users could immediately click on a link to view the CVE security bulletin (Rob). 
      * Rob noted that CMS would like to see OSG run this software centrally.
   * Discussed Configuration Management
      * Everyone agrees that some type of configuration management would be helpful for T3s.
      * Atlas is planning to leverage in-house expertise with several solutions (including Puppet) and see if they can come to a consensus.
   * Marco is working on an OSG site wide survey to identify what different sites are using (configuration management, batch scheduling, and storage) and who might be available to call upon for expertise for workshops and campfire sessions. Once complete, this data will be made available to the group and may help in narrowing down configuration management options.
   * Tanya noted that the Storage Test stand was now available again after being transferred to a new site as a result of the recent FNAL power outages.
   * Next meeting planned for two weeks


---+++ Meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group
