---+ Operations Meeting June 12, 2006
Attendees: Steve Timm, John Rosheck, Leigh, Kyle, Steve Peck, Neha, Parag, Burt, Alain Roy, Fred, Murali, Doug Olson, Ilya (GROW), Steve Gallo

   * 12:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesJune5][previous meeting]]

---+++ Large OSG resource request for nanoHUB

Steven Clark is unable to attend the meeting, but I received an email from him with an update on the nanoHUB jobs: &quot;As it stands now we have started two groups of 90 jobs each on the Purdue OSG 
site using Condor standard universe. We have also attempted to get a batch of 
90 started at Fermi. Steven Timm has been informed of what we are doing. By 
Monday hopefully a few jobs will have started. 

*(OSG_LIGO_PSU will support nanoHUB.)

Email has been exchanged with Vanderbilt site but real work will not get under 
way until Monday (vacation). They claim that running long PBS jobs is not a 
problem. The nanoHUB account has still not been enabled. When that is cleared 
up we should be able to start some runs in fairly short order.&quot;

---+++ GRASE upgrade to 0.4.1 this week.


---++ Hot Topics for the week

---+++ Application Coordination (Ilya Narsky)

Ilya is not ready to discuss this at this time. There will be another meeting this afternoon to discuss these topics.

1.) organizing  the review and sign-off of the  OSG Grid Users Guide 
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuide

2.) helping people with the VO Twiki pages 
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VO/WebHome

3.) providing the bi-weekly VO/Users part of the operations report to the OSG-Council 

4.) gathering the set of user requirements for the next steps in the OSG infrastructure  - including OSG 0.6.0

We would like input as to what other things Ilya could do that would help our effectiveness, meet the expectations of the users, and give demonstrated benefit to their science. 

---+++ [[http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm][Tickets]]

   * 2111 New Resource Registration for UVA-sunfire (David Del Vecchio) -- Community supported. Process ticket. RS will be added to GridCat.

   * 2118 RS Resource/Service Registration Form Submission - UFlorida-EO -- ITB Resource. Process ticket. RS will be added to GridCat.

   * 2112 Fermi/Remedy - 80086 - Some CRLs returning HTTP error 30 -- CA package needs to be managed. The ticket should go to the VDT.

---++ Other issues


---++ Agenda and Input to Joint OSG-EGEE Operations meeting

---+++ Support Center Attendance

| *Support Center* | *Attendee* |

|  Fermilab  |  Parag &amp; Steve  |
|  USCMS  |  Burt  |
|  LIGO  |  Murali  |
|  GROW  |  Ilya  |
|  UCCI  |    |
|  PROD_SLAC  |    |
|  CSC  |    |
|  OSG-GOC  |    |
|  fGOC  |    |
|  VDT  |  Alain Roy  |
|  DOSAR  |   |
|  STAR  |  Doug Olson  |
|  GADU   |    |
|  SDSS  |  Neha  |
|  DZero  |  |
|  TACC  |  |
|  Mariachi  |  |
|  nanoHUB  |    |
|  GRASE  |   Steve Gallo  |

-- Main.TimSilvers - 08 Jun 2006
