---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Tanya Levshina


---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
D0 Status
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
D0 is submitting jobs to UNL:
&lt;br/&gt;
1 day plots http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot1day.html
&lt;br/&gt;
2 day plots http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot2days.html
&lt;br/&gt;
4 day plots http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot4days.html

&lt;br/&gt;
The problems at MSU have been fixed; Neha will  contact sys admin for details


Discussed the distribution of  fermi srm client via ups/upd. The current client is very old . Tanya will talk with Timur about upgrade.
---++ Second Agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

Gratia dcache transfer probe
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Chris and Brian have finished with testing. Tanya has updated README (gratia tables have been changed). Neha will build rpms for SL4,5 -32/64. This should be included in the next vdt release and tested on gridwork. 

---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

Gratia griftp probes

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Andrew has created rpm  - ready for testing

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

dcache release
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
need to wait for 1.9.2 to test gPlazma&lt;br/&gt;
will fix some bugs in install script&lt;br/&gt;
modify install script to add PermissionHandlerDataSource  option to grdiftp batch &lt;br/&gt;
have to decide about release # (2.3.0?)&lt;/br&gt;

---++ Fifth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Sys Admin Workshop at SLAC
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
It went pretty successfully about 10 people attended BeStMan session, several people installed BeStMan-gateway, one person successfully installed BeStMan-gateway/Xrootd, other person didn&#39;t have time to finish whole installation - fuse installation took a lot of time.
2 sys admins attended dcache session, Tanya had demonstrated how install dcache on one node and there was a general discussion about dcache new features and hardware.

---++ Sixth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++
&lt;br/&gt;
Closed:&lt;br/&gt;
6025 - directory ownership when creating directory using srmmkdir&lt;br/&gt;

&lt;br/&gt;
Follow up in progress:&lt;br/&gt;
6024 - srm-&gt;srm srmcp failure&lt;br/&gt;
6026 - Inconsistent state of PNFS&lt;br/&gt;

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br/&gt;
Follow up in progress: &lt;br/&gt;
5901 - rmdir fails to delete empty directory in PNFS&lt;br/&gt;
5957 - dCap stalls on read operations&lt;br/&gt;
5954 - Files being marked as cached instead of precious&lt;br/&gt;

No update:&lt;br/&gt;
5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server&lt;br/&gt;
5542 - Directory creation unreliable using gridftp door&lt;br/&gt;


&lt;br/&gt;
Neha will try to create a Footprint report related to dcache GOC tickets  for operation meeting
---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 19 Nov 2008
