---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2007Oct3][October 3]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * TBA.

---++Apologies
   * TBA.

&lt;!--

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

--&gt;

Note: Due to an unfortunate reboot, the actual minutes have been lost.
The following is summary reconstruction.

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Gratia sysadmin and operations tasks

n/a

---++DB and Schema issues

Chris: I have Innodb changes and additional modifications.
Philippe: Please upload only the other modification we are not
ready to have a release relying on Innodb yet.

Action:
Diana: I will be testing the Innodb backup solution
Steve: will expose currently unused disk space on gratia07
Diana: will use this space to test InnoDB performance.

---++Collector/Report development

Penelope: I almost done with the Birt 2.2 upgrade.  We should
be able to release soon

---++Probes

Action:
John: will send a summary of our current understanding of
where we are and we what still need to be done to allow complete
retrieval of the DN and FQAN.

---++Storage Probe

---++Test Bed

---++Metrics

---++Any Other Business


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 04 Oct 2007
