---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
 &lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt; 
   * Andrew Baranovski 
   * Brian Bockelman 
   * Ted Hesselroth 
   * Abhishek Rana 
   * Neha Sharma 
   * Alex Sim 
   * Tanya Levshina 

---++ Agenda items
 &lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;1. D0 storage utilization status:&lt;br /&gt; Purdue again had major problem with dcache during weekend. We do not have enough information to&lt;br /&gt; investigate. We didn&amp;rsquo;t receive any requests for help either.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt; Andrew was not able to modify D0 workflow to make it work with MIT (behind firewall). So apparently MIT &lt;br /&gt; storage will not be used by D0.&lt;br /&gt; &lt;br /&gt; Andrew is wrapping up his effort to help D0, so Joel should send email to osg-storage or create GOC ticket if &lt;br /&gt; he wants our team to investigate any problems.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;2. BeStMan-gateway/xrootd efforts.&lt;br /&gt; Tanya is wrapping up installation/configuration/initial testing of all the components&lt;br /&gt; &lt;br /&gt; We are waiting for information about test stand from M. Ernst &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt; Alain has put all the components but gridftp+dsi into VDT, we are also waiting for developers to provide &lt;br /&gt; some of the documentation that should be included into distribution&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;3. SBGrid problems:&lt;br /&gt; We have discussed SBGrid problems. We don&amp;rsquo;t have a good understanding of their setting and the response &lt;br /&gt; time to our questions was pretty slow so far. Abhishek is going to organize team of experts that will try to &lt;br /&gt; speed up the process and help SBGrid to fix their problems.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;4. Gratia transfer probes:&lt;br /&gt; Brian has agreed to change gratia transfer probe code that will allow to limit the number of initial information &lt;br /&gt; it sends to gratia on startup. Currently if the timestamp of the last communication with gratia is absent probe &lt;br /&gt; sends all the transfers that are present in database (could be million of records). New vdt-dache will be &lt;br /&gt; released as soon as this is done and tested.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;5. FAQ for storage:&lt;br /&gt; Alex is maintaining FAQ for BeStMan&lt;br /&gt; We will start FAQ for dcache. Neha &amp; Tanya will select what questions should be included for time being. The &lt;br /&gt; questions about space management information in admin, private/public host ip setup, symlink in dache &lt;br /&gt; seem to be good candidates.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;6. Proposed change in vdt-dcache:&lt;br /&gt; Brian has proposed to set PermissionHandlerDataSource in the setup files of any gridftp door to avoid race &lt;br /&gt; condition described by Charles Waldman. We will include it into next release.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;7. OSG extension work: Ted is wrapping up the gplazma work, it should be included in dcache 1.0.9&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;8.Tickets:&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;New tickets &lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Closed:&lt;br /&gt;5541 - Discrepancy in Link Group and Space Reservation Numbers&lt;br /&gt;5543 - Question about SRM Reservations and Link Groups&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Follow up in progress:&lt;br /&gt;5542 - Directory creation unreliable using gridftp door&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Old tickets &lt;br /&gt;++++++++++++++++++++++++&lt;br /&gt;Closed:&lt;br /&gt;5489 - srmGet not working for D0 VO against Purdue SE&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Follow up in progress:&lt;br /&gt;5402 - srmcp, srmping failure against BestMan SE&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;No update:&lt;br /&gt;5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server&lt;br /&gt;5448 - gridftp door returning private ip address at Caltech

---++ Created by:
 &lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt; -- Main.TanyaLevshina - 03 Oct 2008
