---++ OSG Council Face-to-Face meeting
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 8403921
   * Place: Fermilab
   * Date/Time: Wednesday August 22nd 1-6.30pm CST  Wilson Hall 1East, 
   * ..................Thursday, August 23rd 8.30am-12.00noon CST Wilson Hall 7 Xover, Racetrack, 

%TOC%



   * Acceptance of last months minutes from [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/July-10-2012][July Teleconference]]

    * Attending (Wed): Ruth Pordes, Greg Bell, Tom Hacker, Chander Sehgal, Rob Quick, Horst Severini, Gabrielle Garzoglio, Rick Snider, David Swanson, Ken Bloom, Greg Bell, Von Welch, Robert Clare, Miron Livny, Steve Tuecke, Michael Ernst, Rob Gardner, Amber Boehnlein, Brad Abbott (remote), Stu Fuess 
    * Regrets (Wed): Piotr Slisz, Richard Mount, Paul Avery, Jim Shank, Vicky White, Bill Barnett

    * Attending (Thurs): Ruth Pordes, Vicky White, Tom Hacker (remote), Horst Severini, Von Welch, Steve Tuecke, Chander Seghal, Bob Clare, Michael Ernst, Greg Bell, Amber Boehnlein, Daphne Siefert-Herron, Greg Moore, Sarah Engel, Andrew Purcell, Brian Bockelman, Mine Altunay-Cheung
    * Regrets (Thurs.): Miron Livny, Rob Gardener, Rob Quick, Ken Bloom, David Swanson Piotr Slisz, Richard Mount, Paul Avery, Jim Shank, Bill Barnett


---+++ Announcements

[[http://www.yelp.com/biz/tusk-thai-restaurant-batavia][Tusk Thai restaurant for dinner?]]  Tusk Thai Restaurant, 102 N River St, Batavia, IL 60510, (630) 406-6995

---++ Agenda - Wednesday 22nd
   * 1:00pm --- Council chair focus: Actively moving Council strategic focus to more science domains and campus organizations
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx][Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx]]: Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx
   * 2:00pm --- NEEScomm OSG statement of collaboration and the future - Tom Hacker
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Council_meeting_NEES_Aug_22.pptx][ NEES and the OSG]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/Letter_from_NEES_to_OSG_Council_Final.pdf][Letter from NEES to OSG Council]]
   * 2:30pm --- Status of and Plans for the OSG Project; Report from the Executive Director - Lothar Bauerdick
      * Lothar is unable to attend the Council meeting. We will  discuss with a view to endorse the [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][FY13 Work plans]]

   * 3:00pm -- Break

   * 3:30pm --- Needs of and opportunities to engage the BES Facility community - Amber Boehnlein, Michael Ernst
   * 4:15pm -- Opportunities to further engage Biology Community 
      * Galaxy at University of Wisconsin - Brooklin Gore
      * Open source software discussions - Piotr Sliz

   * 5:00 pm ---  OSG Consortium and  XD and  XSEDE 
      * The SP Forum - Miron Livny
      * OSG-XSEDE joint technical proposal (!ExTENCI follow up) - Lothar Bauerdick
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_for_Council_on_22aug2012.pdf][OSG usage through XSEDE existing and planned allocations]] - Chander Sehgal
      * Campus Bridging/Champions - Dan Fraser, Rob Gardner
      * Difference between XD and XSEDE and any actions here

   * 5:30 pm Further discussion of OSG Campus activities 
      * CIC - Rob Gardner ([[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1113][description]])
      * TBA
 
   * 6:00pm    [[%ATTACHURL%/dvdt.pptx][dvdt.pptx][Dv/DT Satellite]] - Ewa Deelman


---++ Agenda - Thursday  23rd

   * 8:30am --- Results of the review of the PKI Contingency Analysis and Recovery Plans 
      * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1121][OSG Recovery Plans from PKI Failures]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/ContingencyCouncil.pptx][OSG PKI Recovery Plans PPT]]
      * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1115][OSG PKI Contingency Analysis]]
   * 9:30am -- Question time for new iSGTW editor and OSG Communications at IU
      * Sarah Engel, Gregory Moore -- IU OSG Communications for writing Research Highlights.
      * Andrew Purcell - new iSGTW editor in Europe
      * Daphne Siefert-Herron - IU, lead of group into  which US iSGTW editor will be hired, and of group in which Sarah and Greg are members.
   * 9:45am --- Satellites Update
      * Dv/DT - Wed pm for Miron&#39;s schedule
      * DASPOS - Michael Ernst
        [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2012Aug22-23/DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.ppt][DASPOS Introduction]]
      * LARK - Brian Bockelman
      * Discussion
   * 10:15am Council Members input and ideas
      * Including Education, outreach, communication, international partnerships
   * 11:15am --- How to plan for the sustainability of OSG past the next 3-5 years.

Proposed sub-committees for discussion (from action items). Outcomes are a Document delivered to the Council ?when?
   * Council structure, representation, adoption of SAG activities: - 1. 2.
      * Vicky, Amber 
   * OSG and Industry. Strategy and/or statement: - 1. 2. 
      * 
   * OSG sustainability after 5 years: 1.2. 
      * Jim, 


---++Action Items: 

*PKI Transition project* 

DECISION: The Council accepts the OSG PKI Contingency plan presented by Mine. The plan makes sufficient progress so to make further work on the plan lower priority than other PKI Transition tasks. Apart from Action Items identified, further work on the Contingency Plan can be delayed until following completion of the PKI Transition. Subsequent Notes should be addressed when subsequent work on the plan commences. 

1. ACTION ITEM for Mine: OSG Security team to present OSG PKI Contingency plans to WLCG. 

NOTES: The council noted the following improvements, which should be made to the contingency plan in a subsequent version:

1. Identify order of magnitude for total effort for specific response to compromise of DigiCert. Chander request. 

2. Is this team aware of any other enterprise that has actually implemented contingency steps in worst case event — have Europeans done this? -Chander question

3. Better estimates regarding cost, ongoing maintenance contingency plans.

4. Analyze what’s most expensive after an incident vs. before and analyze this now as part of contingency planning/ recovery planning. 

5. Find out how long does it take to get each user a new certificate for CERN CA?

6. Include in diagrams/ communication piece the plan for worst case scenario. 

7. Present a plan and reason for temporary variance to existing policy versus high cost, time consuming mitigation to set up IGTF service. 

*OSG Satellites* 

2.  Is the Council interested in having DASPOS within envelope of the consortium? (multi-disciplinary, international, covers VOs in OSG, NEES interested in, data &amp; software preservation…) %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth/Kimberly%ENDCOLOR% 

3.  DASPOS discussion result of presentation- Vicky asked for clarification regarding coordination.  %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth/Kimberly%ENDCOLOR%

4.   To the extent common tools can be developed (DASPOS) is this something that OSG should be interested in? As stakeholders in OSG, is this something we should pursue? -Bob Clare  %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth/Kimberly%ENDCOLOR%

5.   Campus Bridging/Champions topic: What else should we do within OSG for those trying to do both use XSEDE and OSG? How do they want to work with XSEDE Campus organizations ? When send work to XSEDE and when opportunistic?  %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth/Kimberly%ENDCOLOR%

6.   Send Ruth copy of proposal in document repository for LARK.%ORANGE%Action item for Brian Bockelman%ENDCOLOR%

7.   Council would like to hear quarterly or half yearly (at face to face?) updates on LARK -Ruth, Greg, Michael Ernst, Tom Hacker.  %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth/Kimberly%ENDCOLOR%

8.   Is the Council interested in receiving information about this satellite and on what kind of schedule, do they want to have further influence, input, involvement in workshops as OSG initiated initiative..? ---RESULT-Council considers this a type 3 satellite, would like a quick status report from time to time.  %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth/Kimberly%ENDCOLOR%

*Council Representation*

9. Misalignment/ gap between OSG mission &amp; project goals %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth%ENDCOLOR%

10. How do we construct a body (the council) that has constructive influence on the project? %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth%ENDCOLOR%

11. Remove SAG (Science Advisory Group) - Yes, no objections. %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth%ENDCOLOR%

   * MOTION: to take roles of science advisory group and add this responsibility to the OSG Council and thank Scientific Advisory Group for their past contribution.
      * Passed. (Yes, objections) 

12. Ask Joshua Frieman, Spokesperson for DES collaboration, to become council member. %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth as Council chair%ENDCOLOR%


*Council Meeting Organization* 

13.  Technology investigation has role to play in Council meetings. Good to include it as an agenda item-Michael Ernst %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth as Council chair%ENDCOLOR%

14.   Trash/Trash/Integration into campuses is a key goal- piece of agenda should focus on one of the key initiatives the project has asserted is important- Chander %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth as Council chair%ENDCOLOR%

15.   Request to tweak agenda so it follows more of a board analogy-Von %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth as Council chair%ENDCOLOR%

16.   Council discuss where we have done well or not so well on software. %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth as Council chair%ENDCOLOR%

17.   Request to follow rules of order-Tom Hacker %ORANGE%Action item for Ruth as Council chair%ENDCOLOR%

*Action Items for Executive Director* 

18.   Stakeholder request capture %ORANGE%Action Item for Lothar%ENDCOLOR%

19.   Ask Executive team to get a statement regarding Globus Online -Steve Tuecke %ORANGE%Action Item for Lothar%ENDCOLOR%

20.   Work with NEEs (Letter of collaboration created)- and expand community of earthquake engineering researchers who can use OpenSees? and other computational simulation tools through NEEShub- Purpose to get signature from key person at NEES- through steering council of NEEs. Make OpenSEEs? an OSG application? Need Eva, Frank McKenna? for future -not having done in the past. %ORANGE%Action Item for Lothar%ENDCOLOR%

   * MOTION: Grandfather in or make a presentation and vote. OSG funded to do this-Miron
      * NO OBJECTIONS to grandfathering in without presentation. 

21.   Provide quarterly technical briefing with Amber and Michael, as the OSG representatives, with the BES Facilities activities. Project Manager (Chander) to organize to make sure happens. %ORANGE%Action Item for Lothar%ENDCOLOR%

22.   TOPIC for continued discussion: Have a model for success- how to deploy Galaxy in a high throughput environment -are we archiving these examples? %ORANGE%Action Item for Lothar%ENDCOLOR%

   * MOTION to request Council to receive analysis for options/ path for impact for each option and potential for saving OSG money in the future. Request of Executive Director to provide the Council with analysis of options to move forward with need for current level of PKI certs within OSG and cost of pursing each path (cost and risk) within 2 months .Chander will inform Lothar of what impact is.



*OSG Communications*


23.   Engage a broader set of communications people- partners and members of OSG consortium- make sure this happens from OSG side of Communications and engage i.e. ESNET Communications %ORANGE%Action Item for Ruth%ENDCOLOR%



-- Main.RuthPordes - 10-Aug-2012




   

