<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> OSGPKITransitionCallNotes &lt; Operations &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Operations/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Operations/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TWISTYPLUGIN_TWISTY--><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.css");
</style>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js'></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiPref.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// <![CDATA[
var styleText = '<style type="text/css" media="all">.twikiMakeVisible{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleInline{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleBlock{display:block;}.twikiMakeHidden{display:none;}</style>';
document.write(styleText);
// ]]>
</script>

<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>

<!--TABLEPLUGIN_twikiAttachmentsTable--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:top;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {background-color:#eceef2;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#e0e3e9;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#ffffff;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#f2f3f6;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol0 {text-align:center;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol1 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol2 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol3 {text-align:right;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol4 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol5 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol6 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol7 {text-align:center;}
</style></head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="OSG_PKI_Transition_Calls_have_En"></a> OSG PKI Transition Calls have Ended </h1>
<p />
These calls have ended. PKI issues are now covered on the <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes" target="_top">OSG Production calls</a>.
<p />
<h1><a name="OSG_PKI_Transition_Call_Notes"></a> OSG PKI Transition Call Notes </h1>
<p />
<strong>Table of Contents</strong>
<p />
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#OSG_PKI_Transition_Calls_have_En"> OSG PKI Transition Calls have Ended</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#OSG_PKI_Transition_Call_Notes"> OSG PKI Transition Call Notes</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Call_information"> Call information</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Quick_Links"> Quick Links</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#28_May_2013"> 28 May 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#21_May_2013"> 21 May 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#14_May_2013"> 14 May 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#7_May_2013"> 7 May 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#30_Apr_2013"> 30 Apr 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#23_Apr_2013"> 23 Apr 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#16_Apr_2013"> 16 Apr 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#9_Apr_2013"> 9 Apr 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#2_Apr_2013"> 2 Apr 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#26_Mar_2013"> 26 Mar 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#19_Mar_2013"> 19 Mar 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#12_Mar_2013"> 12 Mar 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#5_Mar_2013"> 5 Mar 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#26_Feb_2013"> 26 Feb 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#19_Feb_2013"> 19 Feb 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#12_Feb_2013"> 12 Feb 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#5_Feb_2013"> 5 Feb 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#29_Jan_2013"> 29 Jan 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#22_Jan_2013"> 22 Jan 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#15_Jan_2013"> 15 Jan 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#8_Jan_2013"> 8 Jan 2013</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#2012_Notes"> 2012 Notes</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Call_information"></a> Call information </span></h2>
<p />
These calls have ended. PKI issues are now covered on the <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes" target="_top">OSG Production calls</a>.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Quick_Links"></a> Quick Links </span></h2> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/PKIDocumentationIndex" target="_top">OSG PKI Documentation Index</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="28_May_2013"></a> 28 May 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
NOTE: This will be our last call. After today, please use Production Call: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes</a>
<p />
Attending: Von, Kevin, Chander, Alain, Rob, Tony, Mine, Soichi
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Update on Web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Release date - went well, minor issue with check-config(?).
</li> <li> Added functionality to send out warning and close tickets for requestes approved but never issues.
</li> <li> Re-enable restricted to prevent user from user certificate request if another request with exact same DN exists. Was in place before, disabled due to issues, but those have been fixed.
</li> <li> Next update - will allow GOC to start issuing certificates in SHA-2. Will not flip switch until Security Team requests transition to SHA-2. Question about which SHA-2 algorithm specifically? Tested with SHA-256.
</li> <li> Mine - MPKI just offers "SHA-2" will check precisely what that is.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Mine: Will be on maternity leave, has added Kevin as Admin in <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>'s MPKI so he can get those certificates as well.
</li> <li> Soichi: Q about call moving to Operations - Soichi is not on Ops call every time - how should he raise items? <ul>
<li> Rob: Plan to attend Ops calls for next Month. We will monitor interaction and then after June we will decide if Soichi needs to continue attending.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Unavailability of PKI due to maintenance (Von) <ul>
<li> I'd like to understand what happened and if it was communicated to user community properly.
</li> <li> <a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/15312" target="_top">https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/15312</a>
</li> <li> Every other Tues (2nd &amp; 4th Tuesdays), there is risk of OIM/PKI being unavailable (particularly on 4th Tuesday).
</li> <li> OIM is a single instance (not HA).
</li> <li> Should be listed in advisory notice that goes our prior week (which is common).
</li> <li> Suggestion: Have a notice on OIM/PKI alerting people that PKI may be unavailable on 2nd and 4th Tuesday morning. Alain has <span class="twikiNewLink">ToDo<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/ToDo?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="ToDo (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> to give Soichi wording to put on OIM.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other business?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="21_May_2013"></a> 21 May 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
No call, Von on travel.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="14_May_2013"></a> 14 May 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Von, Alain, Kevin, Mine, Chander, Rob, Soichi, John V.
<p />
Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Soichi to draft notification to RAs about re-renwal feature and the ability for users to request multiple host certificate through the web form. (DONE) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://confluence.grid.iu.edu/display/CHANGE/Implementing+user+certificate+RE-request+capability" target="_top">https://confluence.grid.iu.edu/display/CHANGE/Implementing+user+certificate+RE-request+capability</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Note: <ul>
<li> No call next week (5/20) due to Von on travel
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Agenda bashing
</li> <li> Proposal: Ending these calls at end of May (end of Y1) <ul>
<li> All discussion items can be referred to the regular 1PM Eastern call on Mondays: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes</a>
</li> <li> We would have one last call on the 28th and that would be it.
</li> <li> We have representatives from Security and Operations on that call already.
</li> <li> Folks would be welcome to open a ticket or bringing an issue to that call.
</li> <li> No objection.
</li> <li> AI: Von will compose an email to the list and run it by Rob
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on Web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Re-request feature went out and is recommended.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other business? <ul>
<li> None.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="7_May_2013"></a> 7 May 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Von, Kevin, Alain, Soichi, Mine, Rob, Tony
<p />
Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Soichi to draft notification to RAs about re-renwal feature and the ability for users to request multiple host certificate through the web form. (Pending) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://confluence.grid.iu.edu/display/CHANGE/Implementing+user+certificate+RE-request+capability" target="_top">https://confluence.grid.iu.edu/display/CHANGE/Implementing+user+certificate+RE-request+capability</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von to write up plan for Primary Sponsor to be default. (DONE: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-371" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-371</a>) <ul>
<li> This will be part of next release (5/14)
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Agenda bashing <ul>
<li> Any issues over the past week while Von has been on vacation? See Other business.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Action Item review.
</li> <li> Update on CLI (Von) <ul>
<li> Nothing to report.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on Web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Number of minor updates.
</li> <li> After next release, there should be more details about DN conflicts - which DN and why conflicts exists to help them resolve the issue or provide more information to the GOC.
</li> <li> Big item: Need to update to <span class="twikiNewLink">OpenJDK<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/OpenJDK?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="OpenJDK (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> from Sun JDK. Issue with Sun JDK with users creating PKCS12 (takes a long time). Started happening around time of last Sun JDK upgrade. Able to recreate with OIM-ITB, but not on OIM. This issue disappeared with <span class="twikiNewLink">OpenJDK<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/OpenJDK?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="OpenJDK (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>. Will continue testing with <span class="twikiNewLink">OpenJDK<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/OpenJDK?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="OpenJDK (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and plan on including it in the next release. Part of larger OSG move to <span class="twikiNewLink">OpenJDK<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/OpenJDK?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="OpenJDK (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Revocation plan for comment <ul>
<li> <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m8grPJgiD-WGyEDDtWpknLENSE4OxuU-HjP010z2p8A/edit?usp=sharing" target="_top">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m8grPJgiD-WGyEDDtWpknLENSE4OxuU-HjP010z2p8A/edit?usp=sharing</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Request for comments on VO-customization of sponsor text for comment <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-372" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-372</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Other business?
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> We are turning off CAMon reporting for DOE Grids PKI next Tuesday (Rob Q.)
</li> <li> How to handle stale requests that have been approved but not downloaded. (Alain) <ul>
<li> Submitter has not downloaded certificate after approval granted. Report shows some are 60-80 days old.
</li> <li> Planning on going with 30 day maximum (after approval). Then the request would get canceled out by Alain. User would have to re-submit a request.
</li> <li> Should OIM do this automatically? OK, if we make one final notification of user.
</li> <li> No dissent. Soichi will create ticket and implement.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> CMS users asking for OSG certificates and redirect to CERN (Mine) <ul>
<li> Seeing a consistent set of tickets with users asking for OSG cert, FNAL service desk redirecting to CERN as per CMS policy.
</li> <li> Email from DOE Grids PKI reminder email is telling them to go to OSG. Can we ask DOE Grids to add text regarding CMS users.
</li> <li> Mine will contact Dhiva about this.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> SHA-2 Readiness (Mine) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/Sha2Support" target="_top">https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/Sha2Support</a>
</li> <li> May have effect on OIM software, corner cases with transitioning from SHA-1 to SHA-2.
</li> <li> Soichi will start doing some testing. Doesn't expect any issues.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="30_Apr_2013"></a> 30 Apr 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
No call.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="23_Apr_2013"></a> 23 Apr 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
No call.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="16_Apr_2013"></a> 16 Apr 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
NOTE: No call 4/23 or 4/30 due to Welch travel and vacation. Next call will be May 7th.
<p />
Attending: Rob, Von, Chander, Alain, Soichi, Kevin, Tony, John V.
<p />
New Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Soichi to draft notification to RAs about re-renwal feature and the ability for users to request multiple host certificate through the web form.
</li> <li> AI: Von to write up plan for Primary Sponsor to be default.
</li></ul> 
<p />
Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Alain to document process for RAs to accept user-provided sponsors (DONE) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/NewOSGPKI#Accepting_user_provided_sponsors" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/NewOSGPKI#Accepting_user_provided_sponsors</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Action Item: Von and Soichi to compose email to <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> regarding communication improvements we would like. [DONE]
</li> <li> Action Item: Soichi out another notification telling people that certificate services are available. [DONE]
</li> <li> Action Item: Soichi will circulate document for feedback with regards to "renewal" of expired certificates. [DONE, see agenda.] 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Implementing user certificate re-request capability <ul>
<li> <a href="https://confluence.grid.iu.edu/display/CHANGE/Implementing+user+certificate+RE-request+capability" target="_top">https://confluence.grid.iu.edu/display/CHANGE/Implementing+user+certificate+RE-request+capability</a>
</li> <li> Expired certificate or canceled request, allows user to "re-request" the certificate.
</li> <li> Avoids the "email taken" or "DN already taken" problems
</li> <li> Just released to OIM-ITB, implements document. 
</li> <li> AI: Soichi to draft notification to RAs about this feature.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> UI changes: <ul>
<li> After next weeks, we will be enforcing RSA key size on the front end (2048bits) as enforced by <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>.
</li> <li> Capability to have more than one CSR in web form for host certificate starting next week.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Rob: Question from Steve Timm - differences in certificates size. <ul>
<li> Von: CLI prior to 1.1 included CA certificate chain in certificate file. In 1.1 (latest OSG release) this is fixed.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> John V.: Sponsor detail is now required. John would like this to be optional. <ul>
<li> At Argonne, by being an employee, you are entitled to requesting a certificate, don't need a sponsor. The RAs can do all the validation. So the required sponsor confuses things. Would like language changed to allow Sponsors to be options.
</li> <li> Argonne does require sponsors for non-Argonne folks.
</li> <li> Have a checkbox for VO to indicate sponsor is required or optional?
</li> <li> Von: John H./ATLAS has requested Sponsors be a drop-down box.
</li> <li> Having a default sponsor for Argonne employees would help.
</li> <li> Default sponsor at CMS is getting hammered - this is Alan Sill right now.
</li> <li> Maybe automatically select the Primary Sponsor.
</li> <li> AI: Von to write up plan for Primary Sponsor to be default.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other topics?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="9_Apr_2013"></a> 9 Apr 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Von, Scott, Mine, Kevin, Soichi
<p />
Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Alain to document process for RAs to accept user-provided sponsors (PENDING)
</li> <li> AI: Rob to review Von's proposed SLA changes (See Mar 5 notes) (DONE during the call, Von happy, will go out of change status next Tuesday): <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a> (DONE)
</li></ul> 
<p />
New Action Items: <ul>
<li> Action Item: Von and Soichi to compose email to <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> regarding communication improvements we would like.
</li> <li> Action Item: Soichi out another notification telling people that certificate services are available.
</li> <li> Action Item: Soichi will circulate document for feedback with regards to "renewal" of expired certificates. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 released in 3.1.16: <a href="http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2013/04/osg-software-version-3116-released.html" target="_top">http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2013/04/osg-software-version-3116-released.html</a> <ul>
<li> Changes: <a href="https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/tags/1.1/CHANGELOG.txt" target="_top">https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/tags/1.1/CHANGELOG.txt</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> 1.2 in progress: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-317" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-317</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Production release today. <ul>
<li> Announced last week: "I have made a code changes so that DN / contact will be enabled when user issues the certificate. The update will be released to oim-itb tomorrow (4/2) for testing." - <a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/14275" target="_top">https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/14275</a>
</li> <li> Shift from when RA approves to user issues, prevents some "lock ups" that we have seen.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> 4/5 Certificate issuance problems (Soichi, Von) <ul>
<li> Issuing failed consequtly on Friday
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> was aware of an issue, not sure if they same issue.
</li> <li> OIM barfing on the XML we got from <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, but we don't have the XML in hand (have to turn on debugging to get, but it stopped before) <ul>
<li> XML contants the API key, which we'd like to keep out of the log. Are technical reasons we can't pull the meat of the XML.
</li> <li> Might have been a network issue?
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Soichi: concern about availability of information.  
</li> <li> Von saw two issues: <ul>
<li> (1) lack of good debugging information from OIM - I don't think we know if the problem was at <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> or OIM
</li> <li> (2) our communication to put certificate issuances on hold wasn't effective. <ul>
<li> At least some people heeded it.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> We have not seen any failures since Friday afternoon, we should send out another notification telling people that certificate services are available.
</li> <li> Action Item: Von and Soichi to compose email to <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> regarding communication improvements we would like.
</li> <li> Action Item: Soichi out another notification telling people that certificate services are available.
</li> <li> Who should make the call, normally it sould be Scott or Rob. They were both unavailable, so it fell to Von.
</li> <li> Mine: Would like security team kept in the loop about PKI issues.
</li> <li> Kevin didn't receive announcement on Friday?
</li> <li> Scott: If there was a full announcement, then email should have gone to osg-general list in addition to the RA/GA notification list.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Urgent certificate requests (Von, Alain) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/14547" target="_top">https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/14547</a> - "In the mean time, however, could someone help with the attached CSR so that rsv/atlas.bu.edu doesn't break tomorrow.
</li> <li> Do we want/need a fast track process? What would we do in an emergency?
</li> <li> For unregistered domains, registration with <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> is an extra step.
</li> <li> Will happen again, we will just handle this best effort. No need for special proceedure.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> "Renewal" of expired certificate (Soichi, Von) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-363#comment-19816" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-363#comment-19816</a>
</li> <li> Action Item: Soichi will circulate document for feedback with regards to "renewal" of expired certificates.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other topics
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="2_Apr_2013"></a> 2 Apr 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Von, Anthony, Chander, Alain D., Kevin H., Mine, Soichi, Rob Q., John B.
<p />
Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Alain to document process for RAs to accept user-provided sponsors (PENDING)
</li> <li> AI: Rob to review Von's proposed SLA changes (See Mar 5 notes) (DONE during the call, Von happy, will go out of change status next Tuesday): <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a>
</li> <li> AI: Von to open JIRA on this issue with regards to Tony's <span class="twikiNewLink">SubjectAltName<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/SubjectAltName?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="SubjectAltName (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> request (DONE, was already open: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-150" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-150</a>)
</li> <li> AI: Von to get list of changes in 1.1 clients: DONE: <a href="https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/tags/1.1/CHANGELOG.txt" target="_top">https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/tags/1.1/CHANGELOG.txt</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 release planned for 3.1.16, which is targeted for next Tuesday 4/2: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931</a> <ul>
<li> This has the VO option for FNAL.
</li> <li> Changes: <a href="https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/tags/1.1/CHANGELOG.txt" target="_top">https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/tags/1.1/CHANGELOG.txt</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> 1.2 in progress: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-317" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-317</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Announced last week: "I have made a code changes so that DN / contact will be enabled when user issues the certificate. The update will be released to oim-itb tomorrow (4/2) for testing." - <a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/14275" target="_top">https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/14275</a> <ul>
<li> Von will help Soichi test.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Added better labeling for user password field - will go into production next Tuesday.
</li> <li> Made a few changes for access control - OIM user submitting via guest form can now cancel request. 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Forgotten password case (Von, Soichi) <ul>
<li> Status on documentation for OIM: <a href="https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificateuser" target="_top">https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificateuser</a> - better labeling done.
</li> <li> Documentation if it happens? (Alain) <ul>
<li> Yes: <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/NewOSGPKI#Forgotten_Password_Lost_private" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/NewOSGPKI#Forgotten_Password_Lost_private</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> We saw another ticket today about a user forgetting their password during a request.
</li> <li> Soichi gets an alert whenever someone enteres a wrong password (with verbose logging turned on).
</li> <li> Spaces are allowed in password, could do pass phrases.
</li> <li> Let's see how this goes for a couple week.
</li> <li> Von planning on a survey around June, could include this.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Renewal of expired certificate (Soichi, Von) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-363#comment-19816" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-363#comment-19816</a>
</li> <li> Discuss issue and decide path forward.
</li> <li> Why re-request a previous request instead of making a new one? Duplicate DN issue. This may not be an issue any more.
</li> <li> Von uncomfortable about this. Soichi to investigate viability to. Von to consider issue.
</li> <li> Will it be hard for user to find their original request? <ul>
<li> Guests can use the search feature. Will need some documentation to get to search tab and set date range.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other topics <ul>
<li> Chander: Policy question - when someone shows up at OSG PKI door - just for the purpose of signing email - longer-term certificate - are we supporting that? <ul>
<li> Von: No, I don't believe that is a supported mode of operation by OSG.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="26_Mar_2013"></a> 26 Mar 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Von, Kevin, Tony, John B., Chander, Alain D., Mine, Rob Q., Soichi
<p />
NOTE: DOE Grids CA stopped issuing certificates at Noon PST, March 25, 2013.
<p />
Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Soichi to send Sponsor Plan to the group to get implementation.
</li> <li> AI: Alain to document process for RAs to accept user-provided sponsors.
</li> <li> AI: Von to ask Dhiva for details on DOE Grids issuance. (DONE)
</li> <li> AI: Rob to review Von's proposed SLA changes (See Mar 5 notes)
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Any issues with DOE Grids CA shutdown? (All) <ul>
<li> Alain: No, things seem quiet.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 release planned for 3.1.16, which is targeted for next Tuesday 4/2: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931</a> <ul>
<li> This has the VO option for FNAL.
</li> <li> AI: Von to get changes to this group.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> 1.2 in progress
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Production release happened this morning. No issues.
</li> <li> Require Sponsor name was part of this change.
</li> <li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-342" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-342</a>
</li> <li> Implemented in OIM-ITB: <a href="https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificaterequestuser" target="_top">https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificaterequestuser</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> Ready to go, transition complete. Going into project close out.
</li> <li> This is no longer a standing agenda item.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Forgotten password case (Von, Soichi) <ul>
<li> Is there understood? Is there an issue with re-requesting?
</li> <li> Someone requested a certificate, went to issue it, but forget password.
</li> <li> When request is made, DN is disable until approved by RA, then OIM marks email as taken by activite DN, then request reject and OIM considers email/DN active.
</li> <li> Change activation of DN until certificate issued?
</li> <li> Guest user must supply (retrieval) password (same as P12 file encryption file), authenticated user does not.
</li> <li> What can we do to help users know they need to remember their password? Add a note to OIM as to password's use and need to remember it.
</li> <li> Thinking about confirming email. Deferred this conversation.
</li> <li> Do we understand how to recover from "email address already registered"?
</li> <li> We should be resolving all the cases when this happens.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Renewal of expired certificate (Von, Soichi) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-363#comment-19816" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-363#comment-19816</a>
</li> <li> Deferred discussion
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Tony: What gets put into email field inside of host certificates? <ul>
<li> With DOE Grids, requestor of service certificate - their email address would be provided by CA and would be embedded in certificate.
</li> <li> CLI doesn't support this mode currently.
</li> <li> There is currently an issue with <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> ignoring SAN: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-150" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-150</a>
</li> <li> AI: Soichi to check that <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> is still ignoring SAN.
</li> <li> Tony wants to provide, as a GA, 
</li> <li> AI: Von to open JIRA on this issue.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other topics <ul>
<li> Question about user getting certificate in PKCS7 instead of PKCS12 format.        * Have guess, but have not been able to reproduce. User bouncing between requests/tabs?
</li> <li> Any issue with user changing their common name?
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="19_Mar_2013"></a> 19 Mar 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
No call due to Von on travel.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="12_Mar_2013"></a> 12 Mar 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
No call due to OSG AHM.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="5_Mar_2013"></a> 5 Mar 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Von, Tony, Chander, Mine, John B., Kevin, Soichi, Alain, Rob Q., John V.
<p />
Action items from last week: <ul>
<li> AI: Von will propose changes to OIM SLA: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a> <ul>
<li> DONE, in Agenda.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
New Action Items: <ul>
<li> AI: Soichi to send Sponsor Plan to the group to get implementation.
</li> <li> AI: Alain to document process for RAs to accept user-provided sponsors.
</li> <li> AI: Von to ask Dhiva for details on DOE Grids issuance.
</li> <li> AI: Rob to review Von's proposed SLA changes.
</li></ul> 
<p />
NOTE: DOE Grids CA will stop issuing certificates on March 23rd.
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> No call 3/12 (OSG AHM) or 3/19 (Von travel). Next call is 3/26
</li> <li> OSG AHM sessions realted to OSG PKI: <ul>
<li> Monday 10:05am: PKI transition &amp; impact on CMS Speaker: Anthony Tiradani (Fermilab)
</li> <li> Monday 11:20am: ATLAS and the PKI transition Speaker: John Hover (Brookhaven National Laboratory) 
</li> <li> Wednesay 11:15am: OSG PKI: Transition Lessons Learned and Path Forward Speaker: Von Welch (Indiana University)
</li> <li> Thursday 11am: Training and Demos: Ask the Experts IT-152
</li> <li> Von available Tue-Fri for discussions. 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Twelve character limit in service names (Von) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-327" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-327</a>
</li> <li> Apperars to be fixed, I can request up to 64 character limit in CN.
</li> <li> Is this fixed in production?
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 release planned for 3.1.16, which is targeted for late March, early April: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931</a>
</li> <li> 1.2 in progress
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> No release this week. Working on code changes Sponsor field,   * Require Sponsor name (Soichi, Von)
</li> <li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-342" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-342</a>
</li> <li> Implemented in OIM-ITB: <a href="https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificaterequestuser" target="_top">https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificaterequestuser</a>
</li> <li> Will have Sponsor field in next release, March 26th.
</li> <li> CMS: Tony revetting CMS Sponsors across institutions. Will be contacting Alain to have them added to OIM. Tony and Burt were delegated this by VO Manager.
</li> <li> AI: Soichi to send Sponsor Plan to the group to get implementation.
</li> <li> Who gets to edit the RA lists and Sponsors? <ul>
<li> Decision: Any contact for the VO in OIM: VO, Admin, Security, Misc, RA
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Do we allow guest users to enter any email address for sponsor? <ul>
<li> Mine: In past, have allowed this (e.g. student putting professor name), if RA doesn't know this, then they ask.
</li> <li> Require user to request Sponsor registration first is the alternative.
</li> <li> Bad scenario is a user intentionally using a "look alike" email.
</li> <li> We stopped short of requiring Sponsors to be registered in OIM, but heavily encourage it.
</li> <li> Decision: Allow user to enter a sponsor, but mark it clearly as such.
</li> <li> We don't have a good policy with DOE Grids today on how RAs should handle user-provided Sponsor.
</li> <li> RAs should find and document a chain of trust to provided Sponsor through people they know or trusted resources such as HR records.
</li> <li> This is what is happening with DOE Grids CA.
</li> <li> AI: Alain to document process for RAs to accept user-provided sponsors.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> Just about ready to go.
</li> <li> Question about Approvers vs Sponsors. Think we have covered that on today's call.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Planning for March 23rd DOE Grids CA Shutdown (Von) <ul>
<li> DOE Grids Issuance numbers for Feb 25-Mar1, 2013: <ul>
<li> 31 - People Certificates
</li> <li> 51 - Service Certificates
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von to ask Dhiva for details on DOE Grids issuance.
</li> <li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes/expiring.txt" target="_top">expiring.txt</a>: DOE Grids CA certificates expiring between 3/20 and 4/30
</li> <li> Rob: Dec-&gt;Jan was a significant increase in number of tickets, even with just 3 days. <ul>
<li> Little spike in Jan, saw triple # of tickets in Feb, well over 400 for Feb, about 10-12 requests/day.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Change management of OIM changes (Von) <ul>
<li> Change management will be via existing SLA with following changes: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a>
</li> <li> Add a new section "PKI Operator Responsibilities" under "OSG Operations Responsibilities": <ul>
<li> Announce to OSG VO RAs and Grid Admins planned changes that will impact them in advance.
</li> <li> Provide evaluation period of planned changes in OIM-ITB by OSG VO RAs and Grid Admins.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Rob to review and approve or not.
</li> <li> Question: Do we have an announcement mechanism for communicating with RAs and GAs? Soichi: Yes, send email to GOC, they have notification form they can use.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Ramping down Transition Calls (Von) <ul>
<li> Proposal: Last transition call will be April 2nd. After that conversations about the production PKI will be on the [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ProductionMeetingMinutes][Monday Noon CT/1pm ET OSG Production Call]. <ul>
<li> Conversations are already occuring on that call.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Rob: Seems natural, have these calls as needed.
</li> <li> Soichi: April seems premature.
</li> <li> Decision: April 2nd is too soon, leave open and re-evaluate monthly.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other topics <ul>
<li> None.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="26_Feb_2013"></a> 26 Feb 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Mine, Chander, Von, Rob Q., Tony, Soichi
<p />
Action items from last: <ul>
<li> AI: Von will propose changes to OIM SLA: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a> <ul>
<li> PENDING
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von to pull list of certificates expiring March 23-April 23 and run by Operations and Production for potential problems <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes/expiring.txt" target="_top">expiring.txt</a>: DOE Grids CA certificates expiring between 3/20 and 4/30
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Twelve character limit in service names: <ul>
<li> Acknowledged bug, working with <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> to fix
</li> <li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-327" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-327</a>
</li> <li> Do we need/can we put documentation in OIM for this?
</li> <li> Agree we can do a label outside of maintence window. Soichi will do so.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 release pending: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931</a>
</li> <li> 1.2 in progress
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Release this afternoon - Added expiration notification, starting next Monday, expiration notifications should go out if certificates expire within 30 days.
</li> <li> Other changes are minor.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> John and Kevin not on call.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Planning for March 23rd DOE Grids CA Shutdown (Von) <ul>
<li> DOE Grids Issuance numbers for Feb 18-24, 2013 <ul>
<li> 10 - People certificates
</li> <li> 12 - Service certificates
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Can we get a weekly OSG PKI report?
</li> <li> Rob: Dec-&gt;Jan was a significant increase in number of tickets, even with just 3 days.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other topics
</li> <li> Tony: Asked if FNAL account vetting could count as <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> vetting?  <ul>
<li> AI: Von to look at policies and decide 
</li> <li> If a requestor has a FNAL account, then approval can be based on having. Request comes from FNAL email address.
</li> <li> Instructions in link sent to email they are providing? Is that sufficient?
</li> <li> Mine will send something to Von to review.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Tony: Is there a way for a requestor to enter a Sponsor name? <ul>
<li> Yes, we have Comment field, but sponsor is not forced.
</li> <li> Related JIRA: <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-222" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-222</a>
</li> <li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-342" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-342</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Comment field shows up in Service Desk ticket.
</li> <li> Service Desk needs more guidance about where to send tickets.
</li> <li> Ideally, User selecting Sponsor filters email.
</li> <li> Will have Sponsor field in next release, March 26th.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="19_Feb_2013"></a> 19 Feb 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Mine, Von, Kevin, Alain D., Chander, Rob Q., Soichi, Tony
<p />
Action items from last: <ul>
<li> AI: Von to check with Steve T. and Brian on wether it is the latest version or any RPM version. <ul>
<li> DONE: RPM version solves incompatability, latest version is needed to allow configuration for client connections from host proxy
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von will propose changes to OIM SLA: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a> <ul>
<li> PENDING
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Renewal plan (Von) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/PKIRenewalPlan" target="_top">https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/PKIRenewalPlan</a>
</li> <li> Last call.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Change Management (Von) <ul>
<li> AI: Von will propose changes to OIM SLA: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 release pending: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-931</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Released new version which will enable expiration notification in ITB, will be in production next week. (Don't expect to see any certificates expiring soon.)
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> Scheduled to get WN updated to RPM version. Look to be on track for March 23rd.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on recent GA/VO changes (Von, Tony, Soichi, Rohan) <ul>
<li> Tony tested and new process looks good. Full roll out pending 1.1 release (with some error handling to be in 1.2)
</li> <li> When is 1.1 due? It's in the Software Team's hands (Tony will ping them on Production call).
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Planning for March 23rd DOE Grids CA Shutdown (Von) <ul>
<li> Monitor DOE Grids certificate issuances: <ul>
<li> Feb 4-10: 44 user certs, 139 service certs
</li> <li> Feb 11-17: 9 user certs, 13 service certs     * AI: Von to pull list of certificates expiring March 23-April 23 and run by Operations and Production for potential problems     * Other thoughts?
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Open discussion
</li> <li> Soichi: 13-character limit on host certificate requests. Should we go ahead and add validation for this? Soichi to send Greg email and ask about this.
</li> <li> Quick call, adjourned at 3:13pm
</li> <li> Follow-up conversation between Mine, Rob and Von re Auditing <ul>
<li> DOE Grids Auditing described in Security Plan and Risk Assessment. Mine will send pointers to Von.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="12_Feb_2013"></a> 12 Feb 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
No meeting, Von on travel.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="5_Feb_2013"></a> 5 Feb 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Alain, Tony, Chander, Soichi, Von, Mine, Rob, Kevin
<p />
Action items from last week: <ul>
<li> None
</li></ul> 
<p />
Action items for next week: <ul>
<li> AI: Von to check with Steve T. and Brian on wether it is the latest version or any RPM version.
</li> <li> AI: Von will propose changes to OIM SLA: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> No meeting on 2/12, Von on travel
</li> <li> Renewal plan (Von) <ul>
<li>  <a href="https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/PKIRenewalPlan" target="_top">https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/PKIRenewalPlan</a>
</li> <li> Please review and comment
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Change Management (Von) <ul>
<li> <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ReleaseSchedule" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ReleaseSchedule</a>
</li> <li>  I propose we need to modify "Testing Period for Releases" to include: <ul>
<li> an explicit successful test of any PKI API changes via the CLI test suite.
</li> <li> notification of the GA and RA user community of any changes that impact PKI function.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von will propose changes to OIM SLA: <a href="https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement" target="_top">https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMServiceLevelAgreement</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on January 30th transition (Von) <ul>
<li> Text is up on DOE site: <a href="https://pki1.doegrids.org/ca/" target="_top">https://pki1.doegrids.org/ca/</a>
</li> <li> Renewal emails as of Feb 4 should include text as well.
</li> <li> Rob: more visibility - he nows sees every ticket, but they seem to be getting processed quickly.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 branch is frozen and Software team has been asked to produce RPM. ETA is end of February.
</li> <li> Planning on 1.2 release that will include renewal: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-317" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-317</a>
</li> <li> Von would like encourage folks to test the source code.
</li> <li> Current 1.0 RPM should work.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> From last week: Working on certificate renwal implementation. Next production release is Feb 12, ITB is next week, will have more details.
</li> <li> Fixes: <ul>
<li> Increased maximum gridadmin count from 10 to 30 as requested by Alain Deximo. <ul>
<li> This is a UI as opposed to a DB issue. This is a limit on DNS-VO combination.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Stopped assigning Alain Deximo to secondary RA on all new VO.
</li> <li> Fixed the home icon issue on certificate page
</li> <li> Added setter for SUPPORTING_SC_NAME ticket metadata on resource and vo registration notification
</li> <li> Updated help link label based on Von's suggestion [OSGPKI-306]
</li> <li> Updated host certificate CSR help content and hidden under a help link.
</li> <li> PKI Rest API / Updated exception detail to reflect the error condition more accurately.
</li> <li> PKI Rest API / Reformatted user certificate request ticket title to be more consistent with other tickets.
</li> <li> PKI Rest API / Added request_comment support for various APIs.
</li> <li> PKI / Removed RENEW_REQUESTED state and transitions which is no longer necessary.
</li> <li> PKI Host Certificate / Removed renew/request-renew methods from host cert model
</li> <li> PKI User Certificate / Implemented renew method 
</li> <li> PKI User Certificate GUI / Made "Generaring CSR" indicator to display only when it actually needs generate CSR.
</li> <li> PKI User Certificate GUI / Added last approved time indicator
</li> <li> PKI REST API / removed host_certs_renew and implemented user_cert_renew/user_cert_retrieve/user_cert_approve/user_cert_reject/user_cert_cance/user_cert_revoke/user_cert_issue APIs (no user_cert_request)
</li> <li> (Released) Updated certificate redirector (/certificate) into a normal page, and made it editable by admin and admin_ra(to allow osg pki staff to edit)
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> No new problems
</li> <li> Report that older pacman-distrubed GUMS have an compatibility problem (proxy cert on worker node trying contact this version; other case, if WN has no cert, and uses pilot certificate will have same problem). <ul>
<li> Correct solution seems to be folks should upgrade latest (RPM) version of GUMS.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Message for OSG Production - what should Von ask Dan to convey <ul>
<li> Sites should upgrade to latest version of GUMS
</li> <li> AI: Von to check with Steve T. and Brian on wether it is the latest version or any RPM version.
</li> <li> If sites don't upgrade to latest version of GUMS, then VOs should only register single certificate per user.
</li> <li> Latest version requires host to group mapping to look at hostname of the machine instead of DN, allow lookup of any name in group instead of own mapping.
</li> <li> Tony will send Von email on this.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Communications (Ruth, Von) <ul>
<li> See Jan 30 above.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on recent GA/VO changes (Von, Tony, Soichi, Rohan) <ul>
<li> Tony will try to make time in the next week to look at 1.1 code.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Open discussion.
</li> <li> Mine: Trouble signing emails because CERN is putting CERN email into certificates. This is used by some CMS admins, doesn't effect everyday user, but may be a lesson learned for others. May impact communications with GOC.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="29_Jan_2013"></a> 29 Jan 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Kevin, Von, Tony, John Benson, Soichi, Rob, Alain
<p />
Action items for next week:
<p />
Action items from next week: <ul>
<li> AI Von to ask ESnet, will DOE PKI continue to send out renewal emails after March 23rd? <ul>
<li> DONE: Yes.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von to send to Tony information he needs to test CLI with vo flag. <ul>
<li> DONE, admittedly this morning.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von to set up call with ESNet - include delay 30th <ul>
<li> DONE
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Rob will request idmanager.opensciencegrid.org pointing OIM/oim/certificate <ul>
<li> DONE
</li> <li> DNS is set up, change needs to happen to point at OIM/oim/certificate. Might have to clear cache if you previously tested.
</li> <li> Seems to be working now, redirecting to <a href="http://oim.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificate" target="_top">http://oim.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificate</a>
</li> <li> Are in process of adding this as alias to certificate, will have it fixed in 24-48 hours.
</li> <li> This URL exists so we have an abstraction layer.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Von will propose text to Soichi to add to /oim/certificate <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-305" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-305</a>
</li> <li> DONE, see <a href="https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificate" target="_top">https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/certificate</a>
</li> <li> When will this propagate to oim? This has already propagated.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Alain will write a document for the use case of a user who has forgotten their password/lost their private key and send to the group. <ul>
<li> DONE: <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/NewOSGPKI#Forgotten_Password_Lost_private" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/NewOSGPKI#Forgotten_Password_Lost_private</a> <ul>
<li> Alain also sent directly to Christiane.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Update on January 30th transition (Von) <ul>
<li> Have draft text from ESnet, am reviewing. I have URLs for CMS and FNAL.
</li> <li> ESnet sends renewal notification on Monday, website will change tomorrow.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> 1.1 branch is frozen and Software team has been asked to produce RPM. ETA pending.
</li> <li> RPM will go into development, we'll sanity test it, and then ask you to move it into testing.
</li> <li> <a href="https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/branches/1.1/" target="_top">https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/software/osg-cert-scripts-v3/branches/1.1/</a>
</li> <li> Jira tracking release: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-175" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-175</a>
</li> <li> New CLI can be tried out now, see <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/Release3/OSGPKICommandlineClients#Source_Code" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/Release3/OSGPKICommandlineClients#Source_Code</a> and use branches/1.1 instead of trunk
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Working on certificate renwal implementation. Next production release is Feb 12, ITB is next week, will have more details.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> Service desk is ready, have processed some requests. Getting VOs ready as well - 14 are up and quarter of services. 12/13 critical documents published.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Communications (Ruth, Von) <ul>
<li> Von and Ruth have pinged most VOs, gotten some responses.
</li> <li> ATLAS has been engaged, Von pointed them at CMS documentation, they say they have things in hand.
</li> <li> Q: about how they are handling multiple accounts in VOMS? No one on call knows.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on recent GA/VO changes (Von, Tony, Soichi, Rohan) <ul>
<li> Has not tested with CLI, have done testing with web interface and saw requests that he should.
</li> <li> Will take a look at the CLI.
</li> <li> Alain changed all the FNAL GAs in OIM to OSG early this morning.
</li> <li> We need to hold off assigning GAs in the same domain in oim (oim-itb OK) to different VOs until new commandline clients are out.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Improving communications - post mortem on recent GA/VO changes (Von) <ul>
<li> The changes surprised some people. Going forward we need to make sure we alert our RAs/GAs about such changes.
</li> <li> Appear in OIM-ITB first to give them a chance to preview/comment?
</li> <li> Do we have a communication mechanism to our RAs/GAs?
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ChangeLog<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/ChangeLog?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="ChangeLog (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> for OIM needs to include GAs and RAs?          * Is this too broad?
</li> <li> Do we have a way to email all the RAs and GAs? Yes, they are in DB.
</li> <li> Alain will look at OIM-specific changes for changes that impact RA/GA, then discuss with Von and Mine on any issues that we should notify RAs and GAs about.
</li> <li> AI: Rob will point Von at current Change Management process, Von to propose changes for PKI to include communications with RAs and GAs.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Renewal (Von, Soichi, Rohan) <ul>
<li> Writing up plan, will circulate.
</li> <li> Open question: Is there a use case for bulk renewal?          * Tony: We just re-request host certificates, there is no such thing as renewal. Mine agrees.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other questions, issues...
</li> <li> Mine: Q: CLI scripts for host-cert-request - new version (1.1) will work for domains with GAs with multiple VOs? Yes.
</li> <li> Von will let Rob know when ESnet makes their change. Expect it to be late morning on the East Coast.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="22_Jan_2013"></a> 22 Jan 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: Kevin, Tony, Alain, Von, Soichi, Christiane, Rob Q., Chander, Ruth, John B.
<p />
Action items for next week: <ul>
<li> AI Von to ask ESnet, will DOE PKI continue to send out renewal emails after March 23rd?
</li> <li> AI: Von to send to Tony information he needs to test CLI with vo flag.
</li> <li> AI: Von to set up call with ESNet - include delay 30th
</li> <li> AI: Rob will request idmanager.opensciencegrid.org pointing OIM/oim/certificate
</li> <li> AI: Von will propose text to Soichi to add to /oim/certificate <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-305" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-305</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> AI: Alain will writea document forthe use case of a user who has forgotten their password/lost their private key and send to the group.
</li></ul> 
<p />
Action Items from last week: <ul>
<li> Von: Will DOE PKI continue to send out renewal emails after March 23rd? Von hopes so and will pose to ESnet.
</li> <li> Von will extend the invitation to <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> for OSG AHM <ul>
<li> DONE: Scott Rea may attend if schedule allows
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> ATLAS status (Von) <ul>
<li> LFC issue: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-296" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-296</a>
</li> <li> John H. is still investigating, but it is looking likely this was a configuration error.,
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> Freezing 1.1 branch and talking to TIm C. about new RPM
</li> <li> Working on renewal client (user and host) - will be after this next RPM
</li> <li> Will establish B&amp;T tests and OIM tests <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-759" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-759</a>
</li> <li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/ALERT-7" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/ALERT-7</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> ITB release for 1/22 (first release since December) <ul>
<li> Biggest update is change for how Grid Admin info is stored, previously had list of contacts, to address issue raised by FNAL to limit Grid Admins to those relevant to VO for request.
</li> <li> Need to wait until new client release to put VO information into OIM and fully test this.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Production release - updates in release notes - they go out to osg-operations and osg-sites
</li> <li> VO indication testing with Tony and Alain went well, 
</li> <li> Next step is to test CLI with Rohan, is in head-of-svn, Tony is interested in test - Von will send him info he needs <ul>
<li> AI: Von to send to Tony information he needs to test CLI.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Change to GA request form - template has been augmented with VO field - adds notes to ticket
</li> <li> Otherwise
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> Progressing along with VOs, about 38% are ready. Continuing to push hard.
</li> <li> Do have PKI documentation - under one last review - looks good for 28th
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Ready for production on Jan 30th (delay until OIM is ready) <ul>
<li> ESNet will encourage users to OSG PKI
</li> <li> CMS wants extra sentrance in ESNet's posting. Does FNAL want something equivalent? Seems like it. AI: John will send sentence to Von to include.
</li> <li> AI: Von to set up call with ESNet - include delay 30th
</li> <li> AI: Rob will request idmanager.opensciencegrid.org pointing OIM/oim/certificate <ul>
<li> Twiki page with expired certificate creates an error
</li> <li> Needs to be public readable
</li> <li> Does OIM have the same issue? Soichi says no, OIM sorts out these issues.
</li> <li> OIM changes happen on release cycle.
</li> <li> OIM can display content that OSG staff can set more dynamically.
</li> <li> Is idm.opensciencegrid.org better?
</li> <li> Decision: idmanager.opensciencegrid.org
</li> <li> AI: Von will propose text to Soichi to add to /oim/certificate <ul>
<li> Changes will happen Jan 29th
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Decision: delay go-live until 30th
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Communications (Ruth, Von) <ul>
<li> Ruth is happy with text. Send before URL is live.
</li> <li> Von will edit communication with URL.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Renewal notifications (Soichi) <ul>
<li> How do we handle this? How do people want to receive this? Use GOC ticket - reopen and update ticket - will send email.
</li> <li> Rob suggests opening new ticket instead of re-opening old ticket. (Reference old ticket.)
</li> <li> Von suggests new ticket references old ticket so we have chain.
</li> <li> Would ticket closure be automated when renewal happens? Yes.
</li> <li> Christiane - make the message clear.
</li> <li> What happens if user has forgotten password? They would need to request new certificate. Would need to deal with email address. <ul>
<li> We think we soilved the email re-use problem? User needs to requestion revocation.
</li> <li> AI: Alain will writea document forthe use case of a user who has forgotten their password/lost their private key and send to the group.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Christiane: OK to request host certificate from OSG PKI to replace those about to expire? Yes, assuming user community trusts CA 
</li> <li> Other issues?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="15_Jan_2013"></a> 15 Jan 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
Attending: John Benson, Chander, Von, Kevin, Chritiane, Alan, Soichi, Rob Q.
<p />
Agenda: <ul>
<li> Last call for feedback on proposed dates (Von) <ul>
<li> Jan 28th: OSG PKI in production - DOE Grids PKI encourages users to use OSG PKI
</li> <li> Mar 23rd: DOE Grids PKI stops issuing new certificates
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> ATLAS status (Von) <ul>
<li> Panda issue fixed: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-249" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-249</a>
</li> <li> New issue: LFC <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-296" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-296</a>
</li> <li> John H. is investigating
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on command-line tools (Von) <ul>
<li> Pushing for new RPM in January to fix a number of bugs and clean up code
</li> <li> Working on renewal client (user and host)
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on OIM web UI (Soichi) <ul>
<li> Working on ITB release for 1/22 (first release since December)
</li> <li> Biggest update is change for how Grid Admin info is stored, previously had list of contacts, to address issue raised by FNAL to limit Grid Admins to those relevant to VO for request.
</li> <li> Need to wait until new client release to put VO information into OIM and fully test this.
</li> <li> Should plan on testing this in OIM-ITB
</li> <li> Should only effect Grid Admins with VOs assigned to them.
</li> <li> Once we have support in clients, should arrange testing with Tony (or others at FNAL who are interested) with head-of-svn and OIM-ITB
</li> <li> This can be tested through the web. Soichi will reach out to Tony to test this.
</li> <li> 6-7 JIRA tickets being resolved, will be part of the release notes tomorrow.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL transition (John B., Kevin) <ul>
<li> All the VOs are working on guidance checklist. Had an open mic session this last week with good questions and feedback.
</li> <li> In process of documentaiton on FNAL side, planned to be completed end of this week, then will have VOs reviewing and vetting.
</li> <li> Working on getting RAs registered.
</li> <li> Discussion with Steven Timm regarding GOC ticket interface - Steve has AI to meet with service desk and then come back to this group with change request for how service desk interfaces with GOC ticket system.
</li> <li> Agreement that FNAL transition will not block OSG going production on Jan 28th.
</li> <li> Request from Anthony to go live with service desk as soon as possible for CMS. May happen very soon. <ul>
<li> Currently on Doug Johnson is listed as CMS RA; Yolanda's registration is in process.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Question: Will DOE PKI continue to send out renewal emails after March 23rd? Von hopes so and will pose to ESnet.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> OSG AHM <ul>
<li> Will be an "ask the experts session" that includes OSG PKI experts, during training and demos session. 
</li> <li> Plus presentation by Von on OSG PKI.
</li> <li> Von will extend the invitation to <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> but will not push.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Question from Von: Do we have a clear landing page for the OSG PKI similar to <a href="https://pki1.doegrids.org/" target="_top">https://pki1.doegrids.org/</a>? <ul>
<li> Von opened <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-300" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-300</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> OSG-XSEDE system transitioned to <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> certificates with a few lessons learned but no issues, Mats was the lead on this (Chander)
</li> <li> Other issues?
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="8_Jan_2013"></a> 8 Jan 2013 </span></h2>
<p />
No calls since 11 Dec 2012 due to travel and holiday.
<p />
Attending: Von, Mine, Kevin, Alain D., Rob Q., John Benson, Tony, Soichi, Dhiva
<p />
Topics: <ul>
<li> Project status: <ul>
<li> Goal is to reach operations by January 28th, 2013.
</li> <li> Proposal: Request DOE Grids CA cease issuing new certificates start of business March 23rd, 2013 (CRLs would continue for another year). Rational: LHC shutdown is March 11th, followed by the OSG AHM the following week and then a DOE PI meeting (Von Welch attending) the week after, making this the first non-conflicted date. Feedback is sought from the community on this date.
</li> <li> There are currently two blockers to the OSG PKI being production-ready (i.e. DOE Grids PKI encourages users to use the OSG PKI instead): <ul>
<li> Incompatibility between OSG PKI proxy certificates and ATLAS Panda servers at CERN. Status: <span class="twikiNewLink">GridSite<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/GridSite?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="GridSite (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> developers have released an RPM with a fix, CERN deployed that fix earlier today and it is pending on testing by ATLAS. <ul>
<li> Update from John H. via email during the call.: Looking good so far. A job has been running for 5 hours. I'm trying to get access to the worker node to look at the ongoing output. Of course the key test is stage-out.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Establishment of Fermilab Service Desk as RA for a number of VOs. Fermilab serves as a RA for a number of OSG VOs and has a parallel project in progress to establish this functionality for the OSG PKI. See <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/January-8-2013/OSG_VOs_and_PKI_RA_Progress.pdf" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/January-8-2013/OSG_VOs_and_PKI_RA_Progress.pdf</a> for specific VOs. (Shooting for Jan 28th.) <ul>
<li> Discussion if this should be a blocker. Von will raise this as off-line conversation with Ruth, Kevin, Rob, and John.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other activities (not blockers to production): <ul>
<li> While RAs for the large VOs have been established, progress continues for a number of smaller ones. Outside of the Fermilab VOs mentioned as a blocker, none of these pending VOs are considered blockers.
</li> <li> Discussion regarding whether we have the host-certificate/VO model right for optimal operations.
</li> <li> Improvements to client software based on initial user feedback.
</li> <li> Renewal capability. Has been deferred since it will not be needed for ~6 months but should be completed by operations. Needs support in OIM and client. <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-202" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-202</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Documentation improvements based on user feedback.
</li> <li> Possible test audit with <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> (pending their engagement)
</li> <li> Other OIM development: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-181" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-181</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Report on stress-test of OIM-ITB <ul>
<li> In general, I call the tests successful. Thank you to <span class="twikiNewLink">DigiCert<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/DigiCert?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="DigiCert (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and the GOC for their monitoring, and to Christiane and <span class="twikiNewLink">FusionGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/FusionGrid?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="FusionGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> for helping test.
</li> <li> Rohan and I were able to pull down a total of 1470 certificates during the hour using the bulk host request interface with no problems. Additionally a uncounted much smaller number of certificates from unit tests and by Christiane were downloaded.
</li> <li> Rohan and I noticed that time to download for both of us was well under 5 minutes, but was slower on my Mac (49 certs took ~2:30 for Rohan, ~3:30 for me). Cause is uncertain - slower processor and encrypted filesystem are both suspects.
</li> <li> Times were fairly constant (+/-10%), but we might have seen a slow down during the last 5 minutes (my times jumped by 20% for my last two runs; Rohan's not so steeply). But the testing ended too early to say this was a definite trend.
</li> <li> Christiane had an issue with a user cert request during the testing, unclear if related, Soichi is looking at it: <a href="https://ticket-itb.grid.iu.edu/goc/2812" target="_top">https://ticket-itb.grid.iu.edu/goc/2812</a>
</li> <li> We discovered a (client-side, head of SVN) quota bug and so we were pulling down 49 certificates at a time instead of 50: <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-283" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-283</a>
</li> <li> Having to clear quotas was the a clear limiting factor, I suspect we could have done 20-30% more certificates without quotas.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Update on FNAL Service Desk progress <ul>
<li> Fermilab service desk wants to service a number of VOs; should they just sign up for all of these VOs in OIM? Should we bulk add them?
</li> <li> There are a handful of VOs that would want to be separate in any case.
</li> <li> Does <span class="twikiNewLink">FermiLab<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/FermiLab?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="FermiLab (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> service desk need to know the VO? GOC tickets sets support center in GOC ticket, but not implemented for PKI. Steve Timm asked about <span class="twikiNewLink">ServiceNow<a href="/bin/edit/Operations/ServiceNow?topicparent=Operations.OSGPKITransitionCallNotes" rel="nofollow" title="ServiceNow (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> integration - Soichi says this is doable, users need to specify support center in addition to Fermilab VO.
</li> <li> Onus is on Fermilab to describe what they want if not signing up
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Continue role of the VO in host certificate issuance discussion <ul>
<li> <a href="https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-266" target="_top">https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-266</a>
</li> <li> Requires re-structuring of how Grid Admin is stored, from flat list to hierarchy based on VO.
</li> <li> This will relieve some pain, not is not a blocker. Tony considers it a high priority. E.g. one request generated four emails - scale that up to 1000 nodes is 3000 emails for each GA.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Other topics? <ul>
<li> Kevin asked about vomses file being updated when new certificate being issued and if you can put multiple DNs into vomses file? We understand from the VOMS developers that this will work, but haven't tested it. <ul>
<li> Tony tested it live, by putting in 2 DNs (one garbage) for a VOMS server and determined it worked (voms-proxy-init used the right one).
</li> <li> Referecence: <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/VomsesFilewithNewPKI" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/VomsesFilewithNewPKI</a>
</li> <li> Tony noted that OSG's vom-proxy-init doesn't validate voms certificate, so changing the vomses file isn't even necessary (the DN in the vomses file is not used). <ul>
<li> Older voms-proxy-init might give a warning but it will still work (you end up with a valid proxy).
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> WLCG clients do use DN, so we need to have correct DNs in their vomses file.
</li> <li> Rob to update twiki page above with this information.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Mine reporting that people not able to find our documentation. Google isn't helpful. <ul>
<li> May need to modify old documents to point at new documents.
</li> <li> Add a link to <a href="https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/WebHome" target="_top">https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/WebHome</a>
</li> <li> Rob took an action item to explore this.
</li> <li> We could put old documents into robots.txt
</li> <li> Alain has pointers to new documents in old documents, but it's not bold or clearly marking old documents as old.
</li> <li> Rob: Ops team is working on adding more graphics to documentation.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="2012_Notes"></a> 2012 Notes </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes2012" class="twikiLink">OSGPKITransitionCallNotes2012</a>
</li></ul> </div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
<div class="twikinetRounded twikinetRoundedAttachments"><div class="rCRounded"><div class="rCTR"><div class="rCTL"></div><!--/rCTL--><div class="twikiAttachments">
<div class="twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline">  <span id="topicattachmentslistshow" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleopen.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span> <span id="topicattachmentslisthide" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleclose.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span>  </div><!--/twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline--> <div class="twistyPlugin"><div id="topicattachmentslisttoggle" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyContent twikiMakeHidden twistyInited">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table summary="Topic attachments" cellspacing="0" id="twikiAttachmentsTable" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="rows" border="1"><caption>Topic attachments</caption>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?cover=print;sortcol=0;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">I</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?cover=print;sortcol=1;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Attachment</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?cover=print;sortcol=2;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Action</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol3"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?cover=print;sortcol=3;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Size</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol4"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?cover=print;sortcol=4;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Date</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?cover=print;sortcol=5;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Who</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?cover=print;sortcol=6;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Comment</font></a> </th>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="else" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/else.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">docx</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes/OSG_Bulk_Host_Certificate_Use_Case.docx">OSG_Bulk_Host_Certificate_Use_Case.docx</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?filename=OSG_Bulk_Host_Certificate_Use_Case.docx;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 142.3&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">03 Jul 2012 - 14:33</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/VonWelch" class="twikiLink">VonWelch</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> The OSG Bulk Host Use Case </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <img width="16" alt="txt" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/txt.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">txt</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes/expiring.txt">expiring.txt</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/attach/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes?filename=expiring.txt;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3 twikiLast"> 28.6&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4 twikiLast"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">26 Feb 2013 - 19:58</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/VonWelch" class="twikiLink">VonWelch</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> DOE Grids CA certificates expiring between 3/20 and 4/30 </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</div></div> <!--/twistyPlugin--></div><!--//twikiAttachments--></div><!--/rCTR--><div class="rCBR"><div class="rCBL"></div><!--/rCBL--></div><!--/rCBR--></div><!--/rCRounded--></div><!--/twikinetRounded--></div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Operations<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Operations/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Operations/DigiCertPlanningDevAndImplementation" class="twikiLink">DigiCertPlanningDevAndImplementation</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>OSGPKITransitionCallNotes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r144 - 06 Feb 2017 - 18:38:10 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianLin" class="twikiLink">BrianLin</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />