---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 1-Aug-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sim, Alex
   * Strain, Doug
   * Weitzel, Derek

---++ Goals for next week&#39;s OSG Site Admin Meeting

Our mail goal is to have working clients &amp; VOMS installs, ready to test by site admins.

At the OSG site admin meeting we&#39;ll havee Doug, Alain, Derek, Jeff and Marco. 

Alain will talk about RPMs at the plenary and give a demo/hands-on on Wednesday. Doug and Derek will provide back-up at the demo. 

Open tasks for next week:

   1. Testing of clients. This is [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-98][SOFTWARE-98]], assignd to Marco.
   1. Testing of VOMS. This iis [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-99][SOFTWARE-99]], assigned to Derek.

---++ State of CE

The CE is not required for next week&#39;s site administrator meeting, but lots of work has been done on it. In particular, Brian has done a lot of work with GRAM 5, and it has problems due to the fact that GRAM 5 has always been run as non-threaded code but the EPEL version is both threaded and completely untested. Brian has several patches that seem to help and is making good progress towards a working version.

---++ State of ongoing work

   * Derek, three talks for site admin meeting, documentation for testing gratia probes, testing VOMS
   * Doug: three talks for site admin meeting, working on managed fork &amp; condor-nfslite. Will do Condor job manager next. New Bestman release. 
   * Igor, finish documenting VO client packge. Prepping to do real Globus tesitng at UCSD. Will try out installing and running Condor job manager as it is now.
   * Marco: Nearly done with OSG site web page. 
   * Mat: Nearly done with basic koji integration. Then adding mash.
   * Jeff: Hadoop 0.20 release. Prepping talk on Hadoop and two talks on Glideins 
   * Scot: RSV, working on condor-cron next. Tickets will be in JIRA.
   * Suchandra: Working on gratia support in configure-osg. Alain made [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-100][tickets for configure-osg]]. Working on 2 presentations on OSG site admin conference. 
   * Tanya: Bestman testing. Ticket for VOMS upgrade

---+ Configure-OSG Question

We talked for a while about minor improvements to configure-osg. Should we make /etc/osg like a &quot;config.d&quot; directory, where all .ini files are read? This lets us expand easily. For instance, RSV can drop in the rsv.ini file. We like this idea, but we&#39;re not sure of the code implications elsewhere. Suchandra will look at it a bit. 

We also talked about an API for reading the config.ini file/directory. We may do this, but Alain wants to hold off for a bit until we have a better idea of what we&#39;re doing for configuration long-term. Tim should join the discussion. (This may be a good way to move away from config.ini eventually.)

In the meantime, the configure-osg package will drop down /etc/osg/ce.ini and symlink config.ini to ce.ini. 
