<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MeetingInfo20110204 &lt; Documentation/DocumentationTeam &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/MeetingInfo20110204?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MeetingInfo20110204" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/MeetingInfo20110204"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#DDDDDD;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#DDDDDD;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Meeting_Information"> Meeting Information</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Coordinates"> Coordinates</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Attendees"> Attendees</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Not_Attending"> Not Attending</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Status_Reports_for_week_01_31_20"> Status Reports for week 01/31/2011 -&gt; 02/04/2011</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Work_Plan_for_week_02_07_2011_02"> Work Plan for week 02/07/2011 -&gt; 02/11/2011</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Agenda"> Agenda</a>
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h1><a name="Meeting_Information"></a> Meeting Information </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Coordinates"></a> Coordinates </span></h2>
<p />
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table cellspacing="0" id="table1" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="cols" border="1">
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Date</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> Friday Feb 04, 2011 </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Time</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> 02:00 PM Central </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Telephone Number</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> 866-740-1260 </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <b>Teleconference ID<b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> 9030201 </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attendees"></a> Attendees </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobertEngel" class="twikiLink">RobertEngel</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/ElizabethChism" class="twikiLink">ElizabethChism</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/MarcoMambelli" class="twikiLink">MarcoMambelli</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/SuchandraThapa" class="twikiLink">SuchandraThapa</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Not_Attending"></a> Not Attending </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/JamesBarlow" class="twikiLink">JamesBarlow</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianBockelman" class="twikiLink">BrianBockelman</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/TerrenceMartin" class="twikiLink">TerrenceMartin</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/JamesWeichel" class="twikiLink">JamesWeichel</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h1><a name="Status_Reports_for_week_01_31_20"></a> Status Reports for week 01/31/2011 -&gt; 02/04/2011 </h1>
<p /> <ul>
<li> General ( Robert ) <ul>
<li> support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
</li> <li> the operations team kindly agreed to work on 3 documents per week to support Elizabeth's effort in the Operations area
</li> <li> contact Suchandra(ITB), Marco(Tier3), Dan(OSG) and Tanya(Storage) to ask for real world hardware and configuration examples of resources as suggested by Alan.
</li> <li> <a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9849" target="_top">ticket 9849</a> is solved
</li> <li> work on 7 document: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - write section addressing Globus Port Ranges
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls</a> - update document, request review by Suchandra and preparation for release, include hosts.allow for Scientific Linux
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementLogFiles<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementLogFiles?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementLogFiles (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - fix all errors, sent results to Suchandra
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ClientErrors" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ClientErrors</a> - reformat content, fix errors
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/EdgMkgridmapTroubleshootingGuide" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/EdgMkgridmapTroubleshootingGuide</a> - fix TOC, add command line output
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - sent review to Samir
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - review
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Compute Element ( Suchandra ) <ul>
<li> support work on 8 CE documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Suchandra works with Karthik to release document, support Samir and Steve to add content
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls</a> - Robert and Horst prepare document for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Horst reviews section 'Define Globus Port Ranges'
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Suchandra works with Tony and Tanya to finish GIP section
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables</a> - Suchandra reviews document for following document standards
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints</a> - Suchandra prepares document for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - to be reviewed by Scott
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations</a> - to be reviewed by Horst, Robert will work on examples
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - to be tested by Suchandra, sent results to Tanya, Marco to test
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Storage ( Tanya ) <ul>
<li> work on 3 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes<a href="/bin/edit/MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - prepare for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> no progress - Tanya supports Marco (tester) and Suchandra (reviewer) to release document
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Doug finished, review by Tanya, continue work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM, prepare for release
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> User Documentation ( Brian ) <ul>
<li> busy till end of January
</li> <li> standing item: find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
</li> <li> standing item: contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort
</li> <li> standing item: ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Tier3 ( Marco ) <ul>
<li> work on 1 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> test and sent results to Tanya, test by Today
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic, in progress, complete testing today
</li> <li> support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
</li> <li> find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
</li> <li> write document about glide-in submission next week
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Security ( James ) <ul>
<li> work on 0 document:
</li> <li> follow document standards on remaining 3 documents
</li> <li> check section 'References' on each document, make sure documents cross reference each other for improved usability
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Operations ( Elizabeth ) <ul>
<li> attend Operations meeting to discuss documentation
</li> <li> create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team, sent list to Robert
</li> <li> work on 2 documents: <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/TheGOC" class="twikiLink">Operations/TheGOC</a> - support reviewer, prepare for release (input from Rob required)
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/TicketProcedures" class="twikiLink">Operations/TicketProcedures</a> - released,
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> VO ( Terrence Martin ) <ul>
<li> standing item: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h1><a name="Work_Plan_for_week_02_07_2011_02"></a> Work Plan for week 02/07/2011 -&gt; 02/11/2011 </h1>
<p /> <ul>
<li> General ( Robert ) <ul>
<li> support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
</li> <li> continue work on navigation and CSS on twiki-docteam
</li> <li> develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco's hands-on sessions
</li> <li> contact Jim, Tim and Marco to discuss possibility of simple usability test at AHM 2011
</li> <li> sent reminder to Dan regarding OSG production sites configuration
</li> <li> check with Terrence on status of VO area
</li> <li> work on 7 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - sent reminder to Samir and Steve to add content
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations</a> - Robert will work on examples
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootJobsUsers" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootJobsUsers</a> - rewrite to follow document standards
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingGuide<a href="/bin/edit/Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingGuide?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingGuide (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - rewrite to follow document standards
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingFAQ<a href="/bin/edit/Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingFAQ?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingFAQ (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - integrate with other documents above
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CESimpleTest" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CESimpleTest</a> - check references to document, include references to troubleshooting
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/UserCESimpleTest" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/UserCESimpleTest</a> - check references to document, include references to troubleshooting
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Compute Element ( Suchandra ) <ul>
<li> sent out reminder to ITB team members with document responsibilities by Monday
</li> <li> support work on 12 CE documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Karthik to review document, Suchandra prepares document for release
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls</a> - Horst to review document, Suchandra prepares document for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Horst to review section 'Define Globus Port Ranges'
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - GIP section requires expert reviewer
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables</a> - Suchandra to review and release document
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints</a> - Suchandra prepares document for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Scott to review document, Suchandra prepares document for release
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations</a> - Robert will work on examples
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - to be tested by Marco, Suchandra prepares document for release
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingJobsAdmins" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingJobsAdmins</a> - Suchandra updates document to follow document standards
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CESimpleTest" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CESimpleTest</a> - Suchandra prepares document for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Suchandra updates document, supported by Tanya
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Storage ( Tanya ) <ul>
<li> work on 4 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes<a href="/bin/edit/MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - ready for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Marco tests document, Tanya prepares document for release
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Tanya to review and release document
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Storage/Toolkit" class="twikiLink">Storage/Toolkit</a> - Tanya checks on document, distributes for review if needed
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - support Suchandra updating document, prepare for review
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">Trash/Trash/Tier3/BeStManGateway<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/Trash/Tier3/BeStManGateway?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="Trash/Trash/Tier3/BeStManGateway (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Tanya checks on status of document, prepare for release
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> User Documentation ( Brian ) <ul>
<li> busy till end of January
</li> <li> standing item: ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Tier3 ( Marco ) <ul>
<li> work on 2 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - test and sent results to Tanya
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">Trash/Trash/Tier3/XrootdClient<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/Trash/Tier3/XrootdClient?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="Trash/Trash/Tier3/XrootdClient (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Marco checks on status of document and prepares for release
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> start writing glidein-wms user documentation
</li> <li> support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Security ( James ) <ul>
<li> work on 0 document:
</li> <li> follow document standards on remaining 3 documents
</li> <li> check section 'References' on each document, make sure documents cross reference each other for improved usability
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Operations ( Elizabeth ) <ul>
<li> create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team, sent list to Robert
</li> <li> work on 1 documents: <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/TheGOC" class="twikiLink">Operations/TheGOC</a> - support reviewer, prepare for release (input from Rob required)
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> VO ( Terrence Martin ) <ul>
<li> standing item: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h1><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </h1>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Alan S. suggests to provide real world examples: <ul>
<li> for hardware at <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/SitePlanning" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/SitePlanning</a>
</li> <li> for settings at <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110204" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li> <li> Marco sent examples, waiting on Suchandra, Dan and Tanya
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> About Storage Element Log Files: do we need it? <ul>
<li> CE and SE area handle subject differently
</li> <li> CE area forked new documents for troubleshooting, log files and firewall rules due to the high integration of services
</li> <li> SE area provides troubleshooting, log files and firewall rules on relevant documents
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobertEngel" class="twikiLink">RobertEngel</a> - 31 Jan 2011</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Documentation/DocumentationTeam<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MeetingInfo20110204</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r11 - 18 Oct 2016 - 15:21:41 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />