%TOC%

---+ Meeting Information
 
---++ Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Friday Feb 04, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 02:00 PM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 866-740-1260 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 9030201 |

---++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.TanyaLevshina

---++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.JamesWeichel

---+ Status Reports for week 01/31/2011 -&gt; 02/04/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * the operations team kindly agreed to work on 3 documents per week to support Elizabeth&#39;s effort in the Operations area
      * contact Suchandra(ITB), Marco(Tier3), Dan(OSG) and Tanya(Storage) to ask for real world hardware and configuration examples of resources as suggested by Alan.
      * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9849][ticket 9849]] is solved
      * work on 7 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - write section addressing Globus Port Ranges
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - update document, request review by Suchandra and preparation for release, include hosts.allow for Scientific Linux
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementLogFiles]] - fix all errors, sent results to Suchandra
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ClientErrors]] - reformat content, fix errors
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EdgMkgridmapTroubleshootingGuide]] - fix TOC, add command line output
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - sent review to Samir
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall]] - review
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * support work on 8 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - Suchandra works with Karthik to release document, support Samir and Steve to add content
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - Robert and Horst prepare document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Horst reviews section &#39;Define Globus Port Ranges&#39;
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Suchandra works with Tony and Tanya to finish GIP section
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]] - Suchandra reviews document for following document standards
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]] - Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV]] - to be reviewed by Scott
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations]] - to be reviewed by Horst, Robert will work on examples
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - to be tested by Suchandra, sent results to Tanya, Marco to test
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 3 documents:
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - prepare for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] no progress - Tanya supports Marco (tester) and Suchandra (reviewer) to release document
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - Doug finished, review by Tanya, continue work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM, prepare for release
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * standing item: find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
      * standing item: contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort
      * standing item: ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 1 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] test and sent results to Tanya, test by Today
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic, in progress, complete testing today
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
      * write document about glide-in submission next week
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 0 document:
      * follow document standards on remaining 3 documents
      * check section &#39;References&#39; on each document, make sure documents cross reference each other for improved usability
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * attend Operations meeting to discuss documentation
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team, sent list to Robert
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - support reviewer, prepare for release (input from Rob required)
         * [[Operations/TicketProcedures]] - released,
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      * standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]


---+ Work Plan for week 02/07/2011 -&gt; 02/11/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation and CSS on twiki-docteam
      * develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco&#39;s hands-on sessions
      * contact Jim, Tim and Marco to discuss possibility of simple usability test at AHM 2011
      * sent reminder to Dan regarding OSG production sites configuration
      * check with Terrence on status of VO area
      * work on 7 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - sent reminder to Samir and Steve to add content
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations]] - Robert will work on examples
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootJobsUsers]] - rewrite to follow document standards
         * [[Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingGuide]] - rewrite to follow document standards
         * [[Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingFAQ]] - integrate with other documents above
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CESimpleTest]] - check references to document, include references to troubleshooting
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/UserCESimpleTest]] - check references to document, include references to troubleshooting
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * sent out reminder to ITB team members with document responsibilities by Monday
      * support work on 12 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - Karthik to review document, Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - Horst to review document, Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Horst to review section &#39;Define Globus Port Ranges&#39;
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - GIP section requires expert reviewer
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]] - Suchandra to review and release document
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]] - Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV]] - Scott to review document, Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations]] - Robert will work on examples
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - to be tested by Marco, Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingJobsAdmins]] - Suchandra updates document to follow document standards
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CESimpleTest]] - Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage]] - Suchandra updates document, supported by Tanya
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 4 documents:
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - ready for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - Marco tests document, Tanya prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - Tanya to review and release document
         * [[Storage/Toolkit]] - Tanya checks on document, distributes for review if needed
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage]] - support Suchandra updating document, prepare for review
         * [[Trash/Trash/Tier3/BeStManGateway]] - Tanya checks on status of document, prepare for release
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * standing item: ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - test and sent results to Tanya
         * [[Trash/Trash/Tier3/XrootdClient]] - Marco checks on status of document and prepares for release
      * start writing glidein-wms user documentation
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 0 document:
      * follow document standards on remaining 3 documents
      * check section &#39;References&#39; on each document, make sure documents cross reference each other for improved usability
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team, sent list to Robert
      * work on 1 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - support reviewer, prepare for release (input from Rob required)
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      * standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Agenda

   * Alan S. suggests to provide real world examples:
      * for hardware at [[ReleaseDocumentation/SitePlanning]]
      * for settings at [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]]
      * Marco sent examples, waiting on Suchandra, Dan and Tanya
   * About Storage Element Log Files: do we need it?
      * CE and SE area handle subject differently
      * CE area forked new documents for troubleshooting, log files and firewall rules due to the high integration of services
      * SE area provides troubleshooting, log files and firewall rules on relevant documents


-- Main.RobertEngel - 31 Jan 2011
