---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 28-Nov-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Gore, Brook
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Apologies

   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Sim, Alex

---++ State of documentation

Alain did a lot of documentation work and moved tickets from &quot;Blocker&quot; to &quot;Critical&quot; because the basic work has been done. Marco will review Alain&#39;s work. 

Marco waiting on Suchandra for [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-297][SOFTWARE-297]], which will happen this afternoon.

Suchandra finishing up [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-293][SOFTWARE-293]] this afternoon.

We&#39;re looking good for documentation!

---++ State of blocker issues for release

Blocker documentation tickets were discussed above.

GRAM blockers are resolved except for a minor logging issue. (And a new issue that came up during the meeting, see below.)

Suchandra reported problems with the OSG VOMS server. Alain will look into it with him after the meeting. [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-392][SOFTWARE-392]].

yum-remove-osg plugin: Neha believes that it&#39;s working now. She will do a Koji build, test it one more time, then push it to osg-testing and close the ticket. She&#39;ll let Horst know it&#39;s fixed (he was the one that ran into the problem). We&#39;ll open new tickets if needed.

[[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-380][SOFTWARE-380]]: Suchandra will double-check and close. 

Alain urged everyone to resolve issues by tomorrow, our original release date.

---++ Settling the OSG clients release

Even though we are delaying the CE/RSV release, we are scheduled up do a general release of glexec, the worker node client, and the client. Currently the clients in osg-release are rather different from the versions in osg-testing because we did the big Globus update in osg-testing, but not yet in osg-release. 

We have two options for our release tomorrow:

   1. Just announce the general release, update nothing in osg-release. They&#39;ll be updated when we do the CE release next Tuesday.
   1. Push new versions of all the clients/glexec into osg-release, then announce.

Alain proposes option #1, and there was unanimous agreement.

---++ State of testing

Suchandra reported on the state of testing in the ITB.

Joel Snow from Dzero has been testing against a few sites (Chicago &amp; one other). At Chicago they are resolving some PBS issues, but they are local site configuration issues, not problem with the OSG software. 

Suchandra run !HammerCloud tests in the next couple of days. He&#39;ll talk to Rob Gardner and Xin Zhao to help set it up. It will take some effort to get Panda set up to do it properly. Brian suggests that Panda might be able to run !HammerCloud against Nebraska, but Suchandra says it requires various ATLAS software to be preinstalled at the site so it&#39;s not practical to do this week.

Britta from LIGO will run tests this week. 

Brian reports that UNL has been running production CMS jobs at Nebraska. Suchandra will talk to Burt about getting a CMS signoff. 

Brian is worried that gLite doesn&#39;t identify the sites as GRAM 5, but GRAM 2 instead. Not a blocker, but annoying. 

---++ Status Reports

   * *Alex*: No changes from the last week. There will be a release as scheduled unless something unexpected happens.
   * *Brian*: Evertying is looking very good at the production CEs at Nebraska. Had up to 15,000 jobs in the queue at the same time. It&#39;s all looking good except for some details with GRAM logging. Will update one more CE this week, and wait until January for the last CE. Has not had problems with gLite jobs, except for mis-identification of GRAM 5 as GRAM 2. Igor was worried about number of jobs running at once from Europe, but they haven&#39;t seen or heard reports of any issues.
   * *Doug*: Have made fixes to Bestman, in particular have changed configuration into two files, as decided. Will look into Xrootd problems reported by Suchandra. This might be hard to track down. Doug will look into it, in part by upgrading his test stand so he can replicate it. Brian suggested talking to Doug Benjamin, who has Xrootd installed and hammers it hard. Perhaps he would be willing to let us test against it. 
   * *Igor*: Reported problems with older versions of Condor-G running against GRAM 5. Will note in Known Problems. REMIND HIM. Igor has been unable to reproduce previous problem with multiple job submissions. Terrence will test memory and disk consumption this week. 
   * *Jeff*: Problem with the HDFS upgrade when 0.19/CMS to 0.20/OSG. 0.19 the user is &quot;hadoop&quot;, while the 0.20 user is &quot;hdfs&quot;, but we patch it to use &quot;hadoop&quot;. Apparently the hdfs user is still created. The result of the upgrade is to &#39;chown&#39; files to hdfs although it&#39;s not used. If we keep the &#39;hadoop&#39;, it&#39;s easy to remove the chown, but if we move to &#39;hdfs&#39; it&#39;s more complicated of a change. Jeff and Doug&#39;s proposal: stick with the &#39;hadoop&#39; user and doing the easy fix. Longer-term Doug will change to the new &#39;hdfs&#39; user, but not for a while. Jeff will make the patch to move us to the &#39;hdfs&#39; user, which most sites are already using. 
   * *Marco*: Has been working mainly on documentation. Question on Condor documentation: how much do we need to document? We rely on telling people to install based on the documentation from the batch system provider. 
   * *Mat*: Last week worked on GRAM logging, improved test output, and improved version of osg-build. One blocker ticket on GRAM logging, waiting on patch from Globus. Also updated RSV last week. 
   * *Neha*: See yum-remove-osg plugin discussion above.
   * *Suchandra*: See testing above; nothing else to add because testing has been his main focus. Have also worked on digicert testing. 

---++ Multiplying Jobs
Derek just reported (during the meeting) that at Nebraksa: over 3,000 extra jobs ended up in the queue without changes on the client side. Igor will help look into it. He&#39;ll holler for help as needed. Alain made a ticket: [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-393][SOFTWARE-393]]. 

This is be a serious problem and it could further delay the release if we don&#39;t understand it!
