Paul, Frank, Torre, Kent, Miron, Chander, Ruth

Attendees: A = Apologies; P = Present;
| |                 5/29 |  6/12||
|Chander | P |  A||
|Frank |  P | | |
|Kent | P |   A||
|Mike |||
|Paul        |  P |  P||
|Miron | P | ||
|Torre     |  P |   P||
|Ruth      |  P |   P||


*Year 3 planning* - Chander putting together set of material for area coordinators next week, flows from Finance Board meeting. Please work with the area coordinators on the goals and details

*Mail exchange on GUMS and Globus* - Michael Ernst owns GUMS so OSG has no stake in this. Since GUMS is in VDT the &quot;ultimate responsibility for the installation and patches is within OSG/VDT&quot;. What are the implications on distribution through Globus on the OSG.

*Users Meeting* - people representing the VOs, rather than the end users.

*Reduction in usage of OSG* may be due to increase in local use and a reduction in available resources. how do we tell?

*LIGO Friday meeting* - mail from Patrick for Britta&#39;s role. additional reporting duty with science results. Boinc pilot job going through the grid infrastructure. can enable this as backfill on condor sites. Clemson joined worldgrid volunteer grid. could use glow. campaign to install /run Einstein@home?  on LDG this is how it works. Could backfill the OSG cycle availability. Currently 18% of all Einstein@home jobs are being done on grids and is increasing; limited - ws-gram. Need to measure the OSG contributions. Progress on gratia reporting?

*Quarterly meetings with the stakeholders* - US CMS, US ATLAS, CDF and D0. all morning of 27th. LIGO; Pending with Nanohub, Star - July;

*SA Grid school* - advise that we prefer one rather than 2 EOT attendance to reserve effort for infrastructure/course improvement.

*Trash/Trash/Blueprint in July* - noon on 28th. Draft agenda for discussion out soon.

*Agencies. hold back of funds by DOE of $78K.*Putting together a supplemental/recovery plan proposal to restore the funding.  Warning shot to OSG and the Experiments alike. Sign that need to watch out. Do we need to create a task force to solve this problem? What is the fundamental issue here? This should be a topic at the Jun meeting. Not easy to get the experiment input at this time. Ruth will talk to Don the status and situation.

*Discussion with EGEE-OSG-WLCG.  Dashboard discussion. *VO specific dashboards. usage etc. site specific. Have told Dashboard people how to extract PANDA information from ATLAS. CMS every job submitted via official mechanisms sends information to the dashboard. Not all do this in the same way. common subset. Information in the dashboard as the authoritative information and work to be able to rely on it. FKW - Orthogonal need to have a facility monitoring be common across all sites - EGEE and OSG - so can look at facility/sites aggregates. Hard to figure out how to get the information.  e.g. reported CPU utilization efficiency is poor and fluctuates widely. Not clear yet whether it is by job type or from site to site. No means to get this information consistently from the sites. Do not know whether the jobs are I/O limited at the sites; no aggregate information from the sites on IO. No support from Linux at the moment. How do these requirements come up in the OSG forum and how do we address it ? Ian Bird says important for sites to be able to tell what is going on for example, &quot;why I do not have ATLAS jobs at the moment&quot;. Dashboard from a site rather than a VO perspective. Need to understand why jobs do not run at sites. e.g. pend for ever. ATLAS this exists now in PANDA. Put this on the Trash/Trash/Blueprint agenda for the end of July. ATLAS relies on the CERN team to do the dashboard and puts no effort in. Is all the dashboards sitting at CERN a concern as we move forward? Might we consider a cache or replication? Invite Julia, Ben Gaidoz or Ricardo Rocha to the discussion.

Should OSG do anything to provide better information.
Should OSG do anything to provide local dashboard services - e.g. replication.

-- Main.RuthPordes - 21 Jun 2008
