---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Mine, Chander, Gabriele, Brian, Bo, Shawn, Ketherine, Scott, Tim C, Tim T

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

---++ Technology - Brian Bockleman

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
Key Initiatives
   1. OASIS v2.x improvements with monitoring and self-configuration
   2. NOvA can use StashCash in alpha setting. Target the use for NOvA production run later in the year.
   3. HTCondor-CE &amp; Info Service - CERN evaluation ongoing
   4. Improving separation of job environments for users from pilot with gLExec for users w/o certificates

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Need better monitoring for StashCache - Derek is focusing on nightly performance tests for the system

Key Accomplishments
   1. OSG Collector holds information from 40 services - Stimulated discussions within WLCG for turning off the USCMS BDII
   2. GRAM turn-down - tracked within USCMS T2 coordination from now on.

