---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Operations and Communication - Rob Quick 
   * Last Report February 11

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * Clemmie departing FNAL and OSG Communication
   * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Upcoming Newsletter Articles]]
   * opensciencegrid.org
      * &quot;text bubbles&quot; on home page updated
      * All hands meeting photo added
   * Heavily involved with AHM Planning and Execution
   * New Research Highlight on Fermion project at Duke
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * Rob, Clemmie, and Kyle tweeting/retweeting items. If you have short items you&#39;d like sent let one of us know. 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Transitioning Clemmie&#39;s responsibilities
   * Do webpages align with OSG Connect and User Support efforts?
      * I was unable to have this discussion at the AHM
      * Can we revisit it sometime next week?

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
      * Good progress on load issues
      * Beta services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
      * Plans for hardware and archiving being discussed. 
      * Additional focus by Shawn and Soichi seems to be paying off
   3. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
         * Operations Collector fully functional and [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgstatushistory/index?datasource=statushistory&amp;start_type=7daysago&amp;end_type=now&amp;rg=on&amp;rg_406=on&amp;active=on&amp;active_value=1][stable]] 
   4. Accounting
      * Multicore Accounting implemented
      * Still need to move single core accounting to new messaging version
   5. OASIS V2
      * Significant progress made in the past few weeks
         * Stratum 1 moved to production
         * Stratum 0 and Login nodes in ITB for testing
         * Some Stratum 1 stability issues at IU
         * Stratum 0 and Login to production on Tuesday the 14th of April
   6. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
      * Move to modular service with authentication/data layers
         * Services have grown organically with individual data sources/authentication layers
         * Evaluation of software like !OpenStack, Docker, and others
      * OSG Environment Discovery
         * Based on job activity not registration
   7. Software Carpentry Workshop
      * Completed
      * Low attendance due to timing issues with mid-terms
      * Some good ongoing contacts obtained
   8. High Throughput Computing Challenge (A DHTC Scavenger Hunt) for AHM 2015
      * Learned a few more things, plan to continue this based on 2016 AHM planning committee recommendation
   9. Added ITB instance for !XRootD redirector

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Service Additions Adding Up
      * We&#39;ve moved from &quot;Currently sustainable but there are limits&quot; - Worried about effort going forward. 
      * OASIS - Version 2.0 - See below
         * Additional ITB services requested
      * !PerfSONAR data store and visualization
      * !CondorCE Info Service (now in place) 
      * !XRootD Redirector
      * PKI Updates for !DigiCert contract end
      * Others?
   2. Resources are aging and becoming insufficient
      * Recent PerfSONAR additions have brought us to our current resource limit
      * Expect some new PerfSONAR hardware to be ordered shortly, but this will not solve all issues
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Decisions need to be made on the hardware - We are close here
      * Waiting for Validation Scripts
      * Purge Corruption Issue still needs follow up
      * Unknown future use-cases beyond !MadDash
         * Routing decisions? 
         * Data analysis 
   4. OASIS v2
      * Rolling out full V2 into production. 
   5. OSG Connect 
      * Participation in the weekly Operations Meeting is on/off
      * Account Administration
      * Topology
   6. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 06 Feb 2015
