---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Aug18][August 18]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

Scott, Brian, Philippe, Karthik.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

Dan: We have updated the configuration for DupRecord SQL error ; there was a 12 minutes outages.

Brian: Did BNL upgrade their DCache probe?

Brian: Tanya told me yes.

---++OSG/Fermi

Scott: Ras.

Brian: OSG does not define whether the access to the data is allowed or anonimize.

Philippe: FermiGrid said they would be happy to send a backup of the database but have strong concern whether the data should be anonimized or not.

Brian: Yes OSG needs to have this discussion.

Brian: Indiana is seeing some failure to log-in into the Gratia database.   It seems to be problem localized to indiana.  Ticket 9136.   Dan Yocum is investigating.

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Collector.

Philippe:  Housekeeping turning itself off automatically has been implemented and automatic test has been added.   The FermiGrid provided test stand does indeed improve quality.

Brian: Did you implement the status reporting for probe?

Philippe:  Not yet .. and yes I will get to the HTPC before the release.

---++Probe.

SGE probe:  the issue is apparently gone and/or work-around.   
Shreyas still need to fix the handling of log rotation.

Brian: What about the Condor probe.

Philippe: We have uploaded the patches Dan give me.     They will be part of the next release (after the HTPC issue is solved).

---++Karthik.

Working on the XML parsing update.   Will start on the email report customization/remote installation.

---++ Transition

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
