<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> February-09-2010 &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/February-09-2010?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit February-09-2010" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TWISTYPLUGIN_TWISTY--><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.css");
</style>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js'></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiPref.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// <![CDATA[
var styleText = '<style type="text/css" media="all">.twikiMakeVisible{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleInline{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleBlock{display:block;}.twikiMakeHidden{display:none;}</style>';
document.write(styleText);
// ]]>
</script>

<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>

<!--TABLEPLUGIN_twikiAttachmentsTable--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:top;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {background-color:#eceef2;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#e0e3e9;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#ffffff;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#f2f3f6;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol0 {text-align:center;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol1 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol2 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol3 {text-align:right;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol4 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol5 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol6 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol7 {text-align:center;}
</style></head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_Council_Monthly_Teleconferen"></a>  OSG Council Monthly Teleconference </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
</li> <li> Meeting ID: 1111 
</li> <li> Date: Tuesday January 9th, 2009 
</li> <li> Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
</li> <li> Attending: Kent Blackburn, Paul Avery, Shaowen Wang, Tom Furlani, Michael Ernst, Rick Snider, Brad Abbott, Horst Severini, Vicky White, Piotr Sliz, Doug Olson, Lothar Bauerdick, Chander Sehgal, Tanya Levshina, Dan Fraser
</li> <li> Regrets: Bill Johnston, Scott <span class="twikiNewLink">McCauley<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McCauley?topicparent=Council.February-09-2010" rel="nofollow" title="McCauley (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda_Minutes"></a> <strong>Agenda/Minutes</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Announcements"></a> Announcements </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Registration is open for OSG All-Hands Meeting, March 8th - 10th 2009: <a href="http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2871" target="_top">Website</a>
</li> <li> OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting Thursday, March 11th 2009 at FNAL (day after All-Hands Meeting)
</li> <li> OSG Council Telecon next month canceled due to the Face-to-Face Meeting at FNAL
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_from_the_OSG_Execu"></a> Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/February-09-2010/storage_report.pdf" target="_top">Report on VDT Storage Status and Plans</a>. Also work with SCEC and needs (Tanya Levshina and possibly Dan Fraser)
</li> <li> <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EdReport-Feb10-2010" target="_top">Executive Director Report</a>  and <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EdReport-Feb10-2010#CouncilActionItem12" target="_top">Report on Council Action Item 12</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
<strong>Storage Status and Plans:</strong> (see Tanya's slides in the link). Tanya reported that the group has 6 people with 2.5 FTEs of effort. Lots of issues with information gathering/reporting. A test done by Tanya passed at only 3 of 16 sites initially, a few others were fixed in short order once the problems were reported. Overall there is a usability and reliability challenge. Dan recommended that this be brought up in a blueprint meeting, now scheduled to take place on this Thursday. Michael and Kent both shared that they believe the reliable use of opportunistic storage was very important to applications and users in the future. LIGO has been struggling with this for some time now with its binary inspiral applications. 
<p />
<strong>Executive Director Report:</strong> (see Ruth's reports in the links). Ruth reported that Michael Ernst has accepted to replace Torre Wenaus as part of the Executive Team. Torre is taking on the role of US ATLAS S&amp;C Coordinator. 
<p />
The OSG operations coordinator (Rob Quick is now attending the WLCG operations meetings on a daily basis. The OSG management has taken action to insure the attention and involvement in joint operations and issues, as well as decision making and follow through.
<p />
LIGO hit a new record of 160K hours/day with help from many site admins and the code rework effort of Robert Engel.
<p />
Discussion have been taking place with US ATLAS, US CMS and other OSG leadership to understand the response to the request to describe experiment dependencies on OSG.
<p />
Ruth described (see link) potential contributions OSG make in presentations to ASCR.
<p />
<strong>Council Action Item 12:</strong> Ruth informed the council that reports are now available from <span class="twikiNewLink">MyOSG<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MyOSG?topicparent=Council.February-09-2010" rel="nofollow" title="MyOSG (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> on a per VO bases. The technology to identify on a user basis what science domain to account is not available and will need further discussion and development. Roth proposed that this completed the scope of the action item 12 and requested that the council consider it as completed. The council did not object.
<p />
<p />
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_from_OSG_Council_C"></a> Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Voting Results for Action Items 7 and 8  (Horst) <ul>
<li> 15:0
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Announcement of intent to run for OSG Council Chair-ship(s) <ul>
<li> Intent from Paul and Kent
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> OSG Council Panel Session at OSG All Hands Meeting scheduled for Wednesday March 10th 8:40am - 9:10am (Kent) <ul>
<li> Requested Panelist from LIGO, US ATLAS, US CMS, Collective VO:  <ul>
<li> Lothar, Michael have agreed to participate.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Panelist asked to "describing how you as a stakeholder and council representative see your community's interaction with the OSG evolving in the next year or two"
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Special Session for Collective VO's at OSG All Hands Meeting Tuesday Afternoon (Shaowen and Tom)
</li> <li> Request for Face-to-Face Meeting Agenda Topics
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>Recommendations from Action Item Owners for AI 7 &amp; 8:</strong>
<pre>
---

7. Evaluate how best to stagger Executive Director Term to account for current overlap with Council Co-Chairs and provide continuity:

• Owners: Kent, Paul, Richard Mount
• Date Originated: August 10th, 2009
• Date Completed: Open
• Initial Recommendation: Council is in favor of staggering Executive Director and Council Chair(s). Should include in recommendation the fact that the OSG proposal is strongly coupled to this term and the next term. In addition, a change to management plan to allow for overlap between current Executive Director and elected Executive Director was discussed as a valuable possible mechanism to provide continuity. These changes will need to be reflected as changes to OSG By-Laws and Management Plan, etc.
• Results of Action: TBD
8. Evaluate how best to stagger Council Chair(s) Term(s) to account for current overlap with Executive Director and provide continuity:

• Owners: Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
• Date Originated: August 10th, 2009
• Date Completed: Open
• Initial Recommendation: Council is in favor of staggering Council Chair(s). Should include in recommendation the fact that the OSG proposal is strongly coupled to this term and the next term. In addition, a change to By-Laws to allow for deputy chair and chair overlap to provide continuity, with the deputy chair replacing the chair on a TBD schedule (mid-term?).
• Results of Action: TBD

---

The recommendation presented today was the following, taken from an email drafted by Piotr Sliz:

---

Action Item 7:

- Duration of Executive Director/Deputy appointment 2 years plus the option for the council to extend
 for for a term of 6 to 12 months at the recommendation of the Council Chair(s) without an election/runoff.
- Deputy is selected at the discretion of the Executive Director, but name is made available to the 
Council for consideration.
- General election of Executive Director/Deputy take place at the March Face-to-Face, 2011.
- Discussion of candidates for Executive Directors be presented and discussed at the August Face to Face 
prior to the subsequent March Face to Face meeting.
- Executive Director/Deputy official notice of running be made to the OSG Council within two months of the
 discussion at the March Face-to-Face Council meeting
- Prior Executive Director provides support to the newly elected Executive Director/Deputy for a period not 
to exceed 6 months at no more than 10&#37; effort averaged over that 6 months.

Additional Item:
- Extend current ED appointment until March 2011.

Action Item 8:

- Duration of the Chair appointment - 2 years 
- Election date:  Council Meeting in March, 2010.
- Term Starts: April 15th.
- Last day to file a notice of candidacy: OSG teleconf in February at the latest. Inattention of candidacy 
can be disclosed during the January teleconf, or by e-mail notice to the Council.
- Qualifications: member of the Council. One, or two people can run jointly (as co-chairs).

Further recommendations:
- To make the final by-law amendment at a later date. Proposed time-line: further discussion at the 
Council Meeting in August 2010. Final vote in March 2011.
- Possible considerations: senior chair, remuneration, time commitment. 

---
</pre>
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Horst reported, as the voting administrator, that after the extension period, the total count for adopting Action Items 7 &amp; 8 came in as 15:0 in favor. This satisfied the voting requirements for passing the recommendations.
<p />
Kent reminded everyone that within the recommendation was a deadline of today (OSG Council Telecon in the month of February) for official notice of intent to run for council chairs.
<p />
Kent informed the council that Paul and he have held several discussion on the subject of running again for council co-chairs and will use this meeting to officially notify the council of this intent. Kent asked if there were any members of the council that felt that an extension for filing intent for candidacy. No council members expressed a need for this. Piotr and Ruth both voiced support for Paul and Kent running again. Kent told the council that given the current needs of the OSG in its future planning, Paul and he felt that it would be of value to the OSG for their continued role as co-chairs. Paul expressed concern over the longer term needs for identifying and developing leadership in the OSG Council, which may be a topic for discussion at the Council Face-to-Face next month.
<p />
Kent described the panel that the OSG Council has been asked to formulate for the All-Hands Meeting and the representation on the panel. At this point in time, Kent has heard back from all requests for panel membership except Patrick from LIGO. The Collective VO representation is planning to have Steve Gallo on the panel as Shaowen and Tom will both be unavailable.
<p />
Tom described the planning for the special session for Collective VOs that he and Shaowen are organizing for Tuesday. 
<p />
There were no recommendations for Face-to-Face agenda topics. Kent and Paul will work on an agenda and try to have it out a week before the meeting. 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_for_Pending_Action"></a> Status Report for Pending Action Items (see <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems" target="_top">List</a>) </h3>
<p /> <ol>
<li> Promote the appointment of “Collective VO” representatives: <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> Review current organizational structure for the OSG Council: <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> Develop capability to measure the science domains being served by OSG resources: <strong>COMPLETED - SEE ITEM 12</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate concept of placing small scale parallel (MPI) clusters some OSG sites: <strong>Owned by OSG Executive Team</strong> <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> <font color="#ff0000">Develop a plan to support virtual machine user/apps: <strong>Owned by Jerome Lauret, Ruth Pordes, Sebastien Goasguen</strong> </font>
</li> <li> Bring Area Coordinator Reporting to the monthly Council telecons: <strong>Owned by Kent, Paul, Members of Executive Board</strong> <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate how best to stagger Executive Director Term to account for current overlap with Council Co-Chairs and provide continuity: <strong>Owned by Kent, Paul, Richard Mount</strong> <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate how best to stagger Council Chair(s) Term(s) to account for current overlap with Executive Director and provide continuity: <strong>Owned by Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz</strong> <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate how best to establish and exercise Science Advisory Group (SAG): <strong>Owned by Ruth Pordes, Scott <span class="twikiNewLink">McCauley<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McCauley?topicparent=Council.February-09-2010" rel="nofollow" title="McCauley (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>?, Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz</strong>
</li> <li> Establish a subcommittee of the Open Science Grid (Executive Board) to determine how to migrate effort from core activities to provide support and architecture for the long term: <strong>COUNCIL RECOMMENDATIONS DELIVERED TO OSG EB</strong>
</li> <li> <font color="#ff0000">Evaluate risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems: <strong>Owned by Bill Johnston</strong> </font>
</li> <li> <font color="#ff0000">Inform and iterate with the OSG VO Liaisons regarding the collection of science domain metrics. Work with VOs to accurately define their science domain areas for the purpose of these metrics: <strong>Owned by Scott McCauley</strong> </font>
</li></ol> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
As of today's telecon, only Action Item 5 and 11 are still outstanding. Bill Johnston has informed the council co-chairs that he will not be able to attend the Face-to-Face meeting to report on 11 as originally planned last August. There is a session on VM technology on the agenda for the All-Hands-Meeting which will hopefully make some progress on this subject. Doug asked if Magellan would be at, or could be at the session to present.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Round_Table_Virtual_Organization"></a> Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues: </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Report from Collective VO Representatives
</li> <li> Ongoing Goals/Milestones 
</li> <li> Planning for the Future
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
<strong>Doug:</strong> STAR is working at MIT with condor team to use GLOW for condor VM submission. This is a work in progress.
<p />
<strong>Piotr:</strong> SBGRID has been scaling up its usage in the last month with a peak of 3600 and a continuous level of 12 in the last week. Some issues with Match-Maker reported. They are looking at the possibility of using Panda scheduler.
<p />
<strong>Horst:</strong> DOSAR is planning a workshop in Johannesburg and has invited Kent to give an OSG talk.
<p />
<strong>Brad:</strong> DZERO has a new production release and is now seeing 10Million events per week. They are looking at LCG for opportunistic resources. Ruth reported that DZERO is now submitting to LCG through OSG interfaces. This could be considered by other VOs if there is an interest.
<p />
<strong>Rick:</strong> CDF is running well. There is a proposal by the experiment to reprocess a significant fraction of the data. There is a need for access to the data handling systems at FNAL. Starting to think about how to use opportunistic storage.
<p />
<strong>Tom:</strong> Collective VO/NYSGrid, nothing else for the collective VO, things going well with NYSGrid
<p />
<strong>Shaowen:</strong> Collective VO/CIGI, nothing else for collective VO, new release of software with OSG interfaces. Participated in a workshop with high visibility in the NSF called cyber-GI workshop.
<p />
<strong>Kent:</strong> LIGO has worked hard to address issues with submission for the <a href="mailto&#58;E&#64;OSG">E&#64;OSG</a> application, while also scaling up to more sites. This resulted in this application becoming the top user of the OSG for the past two weeks in summary. Chander reported that the science credits for <a href="mailto&#58;E&#64;H">E&#64;H</a> is now seeing its largest single contribution from OSG, about 3 billion credits per day. Kent reported that there was a lot of hands on effort to get this to this level. This is causing stress on NFS at sites and there will need to be effort to adapt to this level of stress from this heavy of a load on sites.
<p />
<strong>Paul:</strong> Happy to see the production levels up!
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </h3>
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Discussed the need for a job scheduling session at the All-Hands Meeting. Should cover Match-Maker, Panda, WMS Glideins and Robert Engel's job scheduling solution for <a href="mailto&#58;E&#64;OSG&#46;">E&#64;OSG.</a> Dan is working on a paper/report on this subject. Ruth will work with Dan to have a BOF on this at the All-Hands Meeting.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> - 03 Feb 2010</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
<div class="twikinetRounded twikinetRoundedAttachments"><div class="rCRounded"><div class="rCTR"><div class="rCTL"></div><!--/rCTL--><div class="twikiAttachments">
<div class="twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline">  <span id="topicattachmentslistshow" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleopen.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span> <span id="topicattachmentslisthide" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleclose.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span>  </div><!--/twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline--> <div class="twistyPlugin"><div id="topicattachmentslisttoggle" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyContent twikiMakeHidden twistyInited">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table summary="Topic attachments" cellspacing="0" id="twikiAttachmentsTable" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="rows" border="1"><caption>Topic attachments</caption>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010?cover=print;sortcol=0;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">I</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010?cover=print;sortcol=1;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Attachment</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010?cover=print;sortcol=2;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Action</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol3"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010?cover=print;sortcol=3;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Size</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol4"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010?cover=print;sortcol=4;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Date</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010?cover=print;sortcol=5;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Who</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/February-09-2010?cover=print;sortcol=6;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Comment</font></a> </th>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <img width="16" alt="pdf" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/pdf.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">pdf</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/February-09-2010/storage_report.pdf">storage_report.pdf</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/February-09-2010?filename=storage_report.pdf;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3 twikiLast"> 176.8&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4 twikiLast"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">08 Feb 2010 - 15:15</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> &nbsp; </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</div></div> <!--/twistyPlugin--></div><!--//twikiAttachments--></div><!--/rCTR--><div class="rCBR"><div class="rCBL"></div><!--/rCBL--></div><!--/rCBR--></div><!--/rCRounded--></div><!--/twikinetRounded--></div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>February-09-2010</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r9 - 11 Mar 2010 - 16:57:00 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />