%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda &amp; Minutes November 29, 2005

   * Tuesdays 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Tim, Doug, Craig (U.ofC.), Fred, Alan, Burt, Rob Q.

---++ Operational Security Response

Related material - [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=19&amp;extension=PDF][incident response document]].

Alan - lots of discussion on this topic within EGEE/LCG.  A grid vulnerability group was formed with closed email list, including the usual OSG security folks, intended for future planning, identify known or find grid vulnerabilities.  Also analysis of these vulnerabilities and pursuit of remedies.  It is claimed to be basically an operational area.

Should OSG have such a forum? Is the function covered by existing OSG organization &amp; processes?

It seems useful to have VDT directly involved, also Leigh and/or Rob in the LCG group.

Good to have it as a topic at the January consortium meeting.



---++ OSG 0.4 Provisioning and Deployment

VO support centers (&amp; maybe others) need to be involved.  There is a session on this topic Thursday at the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/WorkshopFnalNov05][integration workshop]].


Rob - most of Thursday PM is devoted to provisioning &amp; documenting services. Rob &amp; Tim will be heavily involved with provisioning.  How should support centers be involved?  Good to have some people checking the documentation and testing for errors.

---++Previous Meeting notes

Operations.MinutesNovember22

Still open from pre-previous meeting.
   * Registration Acknowledgements - any news? - Rob has updates but not yet posted to the TWiki.
   * VO Privilege page in VO registration - is in DB and on form
   * Update to registration instructions - Doug? (still pending)


---++ Consortium Meeting January 23-26 in Florida

Continue last week&#39;s discussion with perhaps more people. Thoughts on agenda?

   * support interop with EGEE, TG, ...?
   * support center agreements?
   * other?
      * operational security - Re: LCG grid vulnerbaility group mentioned above
   * parallel sessions
      * Tuesday AM - Operations &amp; Support
         * agreements
         * community support
         * knowledgebase
         * metrics for support centers
      * Wednesday AM - Operations interfaces with: other grids, support centers, ...
         * ticket exchange
         * metrics, accounting?, ...

---++Operations Activity Issues

Some topics covered above.

The SOP&#39;s approved at last weeks meeting for Support Center registration and Resource registration have been posted on the published SOP page, Operations.StandardOperatingProcedures.  A few words were added below the flow chart and any comments on those should be directed to the mail list.  Also the updated VO registration SOP is also posted.

---++Community Support Activity Issues

A meeting scheduled for tomorrow.

---++ Other topics


-- Main.DougOlson - 29 Nov 2005
