<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> 20071102FinanceAgendaMinutes &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/20071102FinanceAgendaMinutes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit 20071102FinanceAgendaMinutes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/20071102FinanceAgendaMinutes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TABLEPLUGIN_table1--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable td {padding:1px;}
.twikiTable th {padding:1px;}
.twikiTable#table1 {border-width:0px;}
.twikiTable#table1 th {background-color:#F3EDE7;}
.twikiTable#table1 th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#F3EDE7;}
.twikiTable#table1 tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#F3EDE7;}
.twikiTable#table1 tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#F3EDE7;}
.twikiTable#table1 td {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#table1 td {padding:1px;}
.twikiTable#table1 th {padding:1px;}
</style>
<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <table width="100%">
<tr><td valign="top">
</td>
<td valign="top">
<h1><a name="Finance_Board_Meeting_November_2"></a> Finance Board Meeting November 2, 2007 </h1>
</td>
<td valign="top" align="right" width="25%">
<p />
<p />
</td></tr></table>
<p />
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Finance_Board_Meeting_November_2"> Finance Board Meeting November 2, 2007</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Open_Science_Grid_Finance_Board"> Open Science Grid Finance Board</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Logistics"> Logistics</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Agenda"> Agenda</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Attendees"> Attendees</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Minutes"> Minutes</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Year_1_Status"> Year 1 Status</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#End_of_Year_Budget_Update"> End of Year Budget Update</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Staffing_Changes"> Staffing Changes</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Change_Requests_Summary"> Change Requests (Summary)</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Completion_of_WBS"> Completion of WBS</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Status_of_Reporting"> Status of Reporting</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Lessons_from_Year_1"> Lessons from Year 1</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Year_2_Status_and_Planning"> Year 2 Status and Planning</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Year_2_Budget_including_continge"> Year 2 Budget; including contingency</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Status_of_WBS"> Status of WBS</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Staff_Plan"> Staff Plan</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Status_of_SOWs"> Status of SOWs</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Reporting_Changes_for_Year_2"> Reporting Changes for Year 2</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Closing_Comments"> Closing Comments</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Presentations"> Presentations</a>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
 <strong>Finance Board Meeting Friday November 2, 2007 from 9:00 AM CDT to 11:30 NOON CDT</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Open_Science_Grid_Finance_Board"></a> <strong>Open Science Grid Finance Board</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
   <strong>Committee Members</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Paul Avery &amp; Kent Blackburn, OSG Resource Managers (chairs)
</li> <li> Miron Livny, OSG PI and OSG Facilities
</li> <li> Ruth Pordes, OSG Executive Director
</li> <li> Frank Wuerthwein &amp; Torre Wenaus, Applications Coordinator
</li> <li> Mike Wilde, Education,Outreach, Training
</li> <li> Bill Kramer, the OSG Council
</li> <li> Jim Yeck, Liaison to the Funding Agencies
</li> <li> Chander Sehgal, Project Associate
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Logistics"></a> <strong>Logistics</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
   <strong>Date</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Friday, November 2, 2007
</li></ul> 
<p />
   <strong>Time</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> 9:00AM - 11:30AM Central
</li></ul> 
<p />
   <strong>Location</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Fermilab, Feynman Computing Center, Room 121 (Vicky's Conference Room)
</li> <li> <a href="http://www.fnal.gov/pub/visiting/map/site.html" target="_top">FNAL Site Map</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
   <strong>Phone/Video Coordinates</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Call: 510-665-5437
</li> <li> Dial up number does not apply to Data Only ( T-120) Conferencing
</li> <li> When: November 02, 2007, 08:55 AM America/Chicago
</li> <li> Meeting ID: 4245
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda"></a> <strong>Agenda</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
   <strong>Year 1 Status</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> End of Year Budget Update
</li> <li> Staffing Changes
</li> <li> Change Requests (Summary)
</li> <li> Completion of WBS
</li> <li> Status of Reporting
</li> <li> Lessons from Year 1
</li></ul> 
<p />
   <strong>Year 2 Status and Planning</strong>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Year 2 Budget; including contingency
</li> <li> Status of WBS
</li> <li> Status of SOWs
</li> <li> Reporting Changes for Year 2
</li></ul> 
<p />
   <strong>AOB</strong>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attendees"></a> <strong>Attendees</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
   <strong>Attending:</strong> Chander, Kent, Paul, Miron, Ruth, Bill, Jim, Mike
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Minutes"></a> <strong>Minutes</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Year_1_Status"></a> <strong>Year 1 Status</strong> </h3>
<p />
<h4><a name="End_of_Year_Budget_Update"></a> <em>End of Year Budget Update</em> </h4>
<p />
 Money for DOE Labs became available first; Followed by NSF moneys and SOWs to dispense. Labs used a higher percentage based on communications with finance officers. <span class="twikiNewLink">GriPhyN<a href="/bin/edit/Management/GriPhyN?topicparent=Management.20071102FinanceAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="GriPhyN (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>/iVDGL moneys used at UW for OSG effort. Board would like to see this added to the table to capture this. The amount is about $300K and it was fully utilized. Some DOE Labs have apparently used some of the moneys for the next 6 months during the first year. 
<p />
<h4><a name="Staffing_Changes"></a> <em>Staffing Changes</em> </h4>
<p />
Most staffing changes associated with changes to SOWs and subcontracts. Overall hiring is progressing well. The is an expected minor increase in staffing in year two due to the savings in year 1 to get the work done. Would be useful to have a projection of staffing needs for the future. The profile for staffing presented to the institions in the beginning has a change in the 3rd year, which we need to start thinking about. No working assumtion after the 5 year funding ends. This was already an issue for the engagement moneys which only covered one year (and we are going after more money to address this). Ruth suggests adding two slides to staffing "story" to capture these expectations down the road. High level positions (deputy level) are difficult to aquire and transition into.  Need to show tail-out where we need funding.
<p />
<h4><a name="Change_Requests_Summary"></a> <em>Change Requests (Summary)</em> </h4>
<p />
Some ambiguity in the need for change requests is related to the need for more complete reporting on tasks that are overdue. Reporting is useful, but making it efficient is also useful.
<p />
<h4><a name="Completion_of_WBS"></a> <em>Completion of WBS</em> </h4>
<p />
WBS used to develop a plan that we as a community buy into. As of 24 hours ago, 100% reporting achieved. ATLAS not in a position to step up the storage resources software so this is why this agency milestone less than 100%. Each of the science milestones that are not at 100% do in fact meet the needs of the science communities involved. Some science milestones moved from year 1 into year 2. We need to capture these as they are completed in year two. Absolute numbers for these science milestones hinges on the science community actually exercising the systems at that level, e.g., if they submit at only half the rate but OSG meets 100% of this need, we should not be reporting 50% because of the inability of the science community to submit at the rate needed for 100%.
<p />
<h4><a name="Status_of_Reporting"></a> <em>Status of Reporting</em> </h4>
<p />
This years JOT meeting in January 08 will include external reviewers. Bill will not be available to attend the JOT External Review in January. Coupling handing out of funds with reporting has some challenges given that we hand out once a year but may be important for leverage. It would be best to find a carrot for reporting.
<p />
<h4><a name="Lessons_from_Year_1"></a> <em>Lessons from Year 1</em> </h4>
<p />
(Action Item) Need a histogram (out of the statement of work) captureing the distribution of the % level of effort each staff member is doing on OSG. Also would be interested in tracking the time on the project (retention) each staff person is on the project. (two charts).
<p />
<h3><a name="Year_2_Status_and_Planning"></a> <strong>Year 2 Status and Planning</strong> </h3>
<p />
<h4><a name="Year_2_Budget_including_continge"></a> <em>Year 2 Budget; including contingency</em> </h4>
<p />
Year 2 budget now being implemented. Overall, about 4 weeks more work schedule than planned back in May but we are in very good shape. NSF funding comes on Sept 1 and lines up with our yearly schedule, which starts on Oct 1, better than the scheduled DOE funding arrival dates. This is captured in the slide for year 2 budget plan. Question of whether our year 2 staff expansion is because we underestimated what is required to do OSG or whether staff expansion is just what is needed to do some extra work.
Add information to budget chart to capture enabling funding. Must watch cost at end of year 2 very carefully to understand impact of way we are applying the savings. This was driven by consortium and should be noted. 
<p />
<h4><a name="Status_of_WBS"></a> <em>Status of WBS</em> </h4>
<p />
Tracking new focus areas for year 2 needs to be called out; this should include calling out the associated WBS items and have specialized reporting to the executive team quarterly and if there is an issue bump it up to monthly reporting. Need to balance out the long term project goals with the "fire" fighting and recognize how these two compete with each other and introduce staffing issues. Also need to be able to track progress on the "fire" fighting efforts - was it successfully addressed and reported as being completed.
<p />
<h4><a name="Staff_Plan"></a> <em>Staff Plan</em> </h4>
<p />
All staffing is within the rim of what is expected, the deltas all line up. Need a statement about RENCI effort. Need to show where roll over money is being used on this slide 17. Need to show that in moviing to year 2 there is a reduction in funding. Similarly this happens again in year 5 from DOE. Need to show funding profile for each of the five years (for JOT External).
<p />
<h4><a name="Status_of_SOWs"></a> <em>Status of SOWs</em> </h4>
<p />
Better to show the histogram by completion instead of by alphabetical ordering. If they are all completed, show completion week by week. Both of these suggestions would be useful for JOT External Review. (include last year's progress shadowed on this)
<p />
<h4><a name="Reporting_Changes_for_Year_2"></a> <em>Reporting Changes for Year 2</em> </h4>
<p />
Stressed area coordinator reports in SOWs this year. Need a carrot. Need to be think of ways to do this. Possibly involving agencies in some way.
<p />
<h4><a name="Closing_Comments"></a> <em>Closing Comments</em> </h4>
<p />
Jim, as someone not involved on a daily basis, is very impressed. Miron asked how do we convey this to the reviewers? One answer would be to show the derivatives from last year. If Finance board provided an assessment of progress, that could be used for a starting point. Recommend turning this into a report and present to the council by resource managers on Tuesday November 13th Noon Chicago Time. Jim will provide some bullet comments to be included in report to council.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Presentations"></a> <strong>Presentations</strong> </span></h2>
* <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/20071102FinanceAgendaMinutes/OSG_Finance_Board_110207v12.ppt" target="_top">OSG_Finance_Board_110207v12.ppt</a>: OSG Finance Board Presentation
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> - 11 Oct 2007
<p /></div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>20071102FinanceAgendaMinutes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r6 - 02 Nov 2007 - 16:12:04 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />