---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Gabriele, Emily, Katherine, Mine, Tim T., Bo, Brian
 
---++ Top of Meeting Business

---++ Security - Mine Altunay
   * Last report was on April 1st. Key initiative was to apply for our accreditation at the May 27 TAGPMA meeting. 
   * Key initiatives:
   * OSG CA project: 
      * IGTF accreditation. I think many you already heard that our presentation went really well. there was no objections or contentious issues. One of the attendees even called our case &quot;straightforward&quot; so I expect no problems with our accreditation. We were assigned 2 reviewers, Dave Kelsey and Irwin Gaines. I am working with them to get our CP/CPS and operational review as soon as possible. My target is to complete the review by the end of the summer. 
      * Testing phase. We completed the OSG stack tests in ITB. Many thanks to Horst, Suchandra, Xin, Garhan and Brian. No major problems found. A few issues were noted and fixed immediately. You can find them at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CATestProcedure. 
         * OSG Services is the biggest item remaining now. I understand Alain is working on this now and they plan to finish this by the end of this week.
         * Fermilab services and software. Fermilab started an internal task force. They probably finish a lot later than June. They started quite late although we informed them at the same time as everyone else in April. They understand that once our designated testing period ends if they find issues, it will take us longer to fix them because we may not have Soichi anymore or a new developer. 
         * Concern: Soichi&#39;s departure from OSG. I understand we still have a few more months of Soichi at 50% level. I want to make sure we complete all our testing by then so we can ask Soichi to fix the problems. I am also concerned that the new person will need an adjustment period and if we need any major bug fixes we will be in a tough spot. 
         * Atlas CMS testing. Due to lack of accreditation and CMS and Atlas not having ITB versions of crucial services (i.e. VOMS) we could not test their infrastructure. We agreed that we will do this testing as soon as OSG gains accreditation, probably in October/November. 
      * Deployment/Transition. We will start working on our Transition plans late August. This time we are planing to do a transition VO-by-VO basis as opposed to our flood-gates approach last time. We need to negotiate with VOs to determine when they can transition. We have a time period of Jan to June where we can schedule our VOs transition. After June, everyone has to transition all at once. We also need to go over our transition/deployment plans and help CMS Atlas complete their testing. What this means I will need Neha&#39;s help in August and October/Nov. This will not be as intense as the previous cycle, but she will need to spend 10-15% of her time depending how VOs react. 
   * Kevin&#39;s replacement. Kevin Hill has officially  transferred to a new department at Fermilab. He is still helping me until the end of June. We posted a new position and in the process of making an offer. We still have a few items for him to complete before he moves away. 
   * OSG AHM. We got a list of action items and goals from the meeting. I think we all know our goals. We must finish OSG CA transition next year. Under traceability project, we want to ensure that we do not have security holes in the way we prove traceability. One of the problems is that log files can easily be overwritten. Finally we want to do some applied research into shibboleth-enabling our storage systems. 
 
  * WLCG Data Privacy
      * Romain Wartel, WLCG Security Officer, reported in a WLCG MB meeting that we have data privacy issues, he was a bit vague but what he says implies that even the personal name in DN would be considered personal data. They define personal data as &quot; any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural or legal person. This is extremely broad and does not fit with our definition in the US. They also say that service providers will only use such Attributes of Personal Data for purposes of enabling access, and that they&#39;ll minimize the number of Attributes needed, they&#39;ll delete all Attributes as soon as they&#39;re no longer necessary for the purposes of providing the service, and service providers have to safeguard against accidental
disclosure of the information. Obviously this is a very restrictive policy that we cannot operate with. We finally agreed that we must record that data for the periods needed for job monitoring and traceability. And also, Romain finally told us to just document what we do and we will go from there. 

   * WLCG Traceability Working Group
      * First face-face meeting. Focuses on traceability for VMs/Clouds. One of the goals is to collect syslogs from VMs, but the group thinks those can&#39;t be trusted since the user has root access. Beyond that we mostly focused on using standard open source tools for doing large scale external security analysis. A favorite seems to be OpenSOC which is from Cisco. Cisco open sourced it last year. It is built on a bunch of other open source tools, most from Apache including Flume and Hadoop, as well as ElasticSearch and MySQL. I am not convinced how externally scanning these nodes will really help our security. I am to even sure whether the assumption that users have root access to VMS is a valid one. I think this group is disconnected from the production teams. We do not have a clear production model for running on the cloud so it is very hard to evaluate its security. 

   * Traceability project-- User separation. 
      * this si to ensure that our traceability results are trustworthy and cannot be easily overwritten by a user. Dave wrote a report and a problem statement per Miron&#39;s request. We will send this to him soon. 
 
   * Security Controls
      * We started our annual checks. You averred familiar with the process. We will update our risk assessment and check if our risk posture has changed. 
   * Vulnerabilities: Logjam. Impacts confidential data, not user credentials. Determined to be low risk for OSG. 
       


 



---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Testing OSG CA
   2. Transition of VOs to OSG CA: plan to be formed in Aug. Plan to transition VOs in groups.
   3. Kevin&#39;s replacement: made an offer to a new person. Relying on Kevin during transition.
   4. Traceability: (1) 1st meeting on the WLCG Traceability WG on Clouds. (2) Finalized report to OSG PI on trustworthiness of traceability results.
   5. Running yearly security controls.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Testing OSG CA: Expect delays on OSG Services tests w.r.t. estimate of end of Jun. Soichi may not be available after that anymore.
   2. WLCG Data Privacy: clarifying definition of personal data and its management. Need to converge on prevention of accidental disclosure e.g. for information in log files.

Key Accomplishments
   1. IGTF Accreditation went very smoothly. Review is ongoing and expect accreditation by the end of the summer.
   2. Testing OSG CA: Completed tests of software stack in ITB. Identified small issues, being addressed.  




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 28 May 2015
