---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
TimT, RobQ, RobG, Chander, Mine, Shawn, TimC, Clemmie

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of the month in which they are published. This will happen bi-monthly in 2015. 

---++ Security - Mine Altunay

Operational Security

1) Completed the security test and controls. All areas except for Campus Grids answered our questionnaire. Despite giving a few extra months, we did not get any answers back from the Campus Grids. We updated our risk assessment without any input from them.

2) Incident drills with new HTCondor CE. We completed the drill with the Nebraska site and they were able to successfully complete it. But, we want to repeat it to obtain more information. We will conduct one more drill where we will submit jobs from the glideinwms system. We want to see if glideinwms system affected by the changes in new osg ce.

3) VO AUP audit. We started the work after the bitcoin incidents in academia. Wanted to check whether all of our VOs have an AUP and whether their users are aware of their AUPs. We did an audit of the VOs: we randomly selected 2 users from each VO and asked the following questions: a) When the users last signed the AUP. (Any information that would provide proof of the users having reviewed and signed the AUP is sufficient.) (b) A link to the AUP they signed. (c) A list of users, if any, who have not signed the AUP and are still enabled in VOMS (i.e. not suspended), and what action (if any) has been taken against them. (d) If VO users do not have personal certificates, how are these users without certificates informed of and consent to AUP.  

We started the audit with VOs that are the heaviest users of OSG, then followedup with smaller VOs. All of our heavy-usage VOs successfully passed our audit: Alice, Atlas, CMS, STAR, CDF, Nanohub, DZero, !GlueX, LBNE, Nova, Minos, Mars, Mu2e, OSG, HCC, Glow. We had some issues with smaller VOs such as: GPN, Geant.  Given the small amount of activity from these VOs, we are very satisfied with our findings. All of our active VOs adhere to OSG policies and did pass the audit. We will close this project with a satisfactory conclusion.
 
4) Will arrange for an evaluation of our security program by CTSC in the next year.

Identity Management:

1)   OSG-XSEDE cooperation regarding the CILogon HSM service has been approved by the senior management. CILogon HSM service will provide the backend CA operation functionality. We need to start planning for activities as soon as possible; develop a project timeline showing key deliverables and functionality.

2)   Fermilab renewed its InCommon membership. They are starting their IdP that will be interacting with Cilogon Basic CA. This will also help OSG since we have users who can now get certificates via Fermilab IdP. On a separate note, at the end of December, ProtectNetwork will stop providing IdP services to CIlogon Basic CA users. This can affect users their home organizations are not active IdPs in InCommon.   

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 13 Nov 2014
