&lt;table width=&quot;100%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt;
---+!! OSG Council Website

%TOC% &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=&quot;25%&quot; align=&quot;right&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt;
%TABLE{ sort=&quot;off&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tableborder=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;3&quot; headerbg=&quot;#F3EDE7&quot; databg=&quot;#F3EDE7&quot;}% 
| |
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
%STARTINCLUDE%
---+++ Logistics
   * April 10-11 2014; Dial in instructions may be found [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/WebHome#Logistics][here]].

---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: 
   * Regrets-notification given:
   * Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting

 
---++ Thursday April 10th

---+++ Officers Reports:
   * 1.00pm Council Chair -  Ruth Pordes
      * Feedback on, Appreciation of this weeks AHM
      * Statement  of interest in and request for endorsement for 2nd term as OSG Council Chair
      * Status of Action Items

 
   * 1:30pm Updates from Council members: Benefits from OSG over past year, Continued needs/vision for the future:
      * 1:30pm  SBGrid - Piotr Sliz
      * 1:45pm Notre Dame OpenStack based resource access  - Jarek Nabrzyski 


   * 2.00pm Invited Talk &amp; Discussion - Condo of Condos  - Barr von Oehsen, Clemson
   * 2.30pm Invited Talk  &amp; Discussion - LBNE and the OSG - Maxim Potekhin, BNL


   *  3.00pm OSG Campus Infrastructure and Connect report - Rob Gardner

   *  3.30pm Q&amp;A for Executive and Technical Directors - Lothar, Miron, all
      * OSG [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=8099][internal project review - notes and actions]] 
      * Plans for OSG CA after end of current DigiCert contract 
      * Status of Resource Provisioning initiative
      
   * 4.30pm Update on Networking, ESNET and OSG - Michael Ernst, Greg Bell

   * 5.00pm  AHM 2014 - thoughts, advise for AHM 2015, and status of OSG@SLAC - Amber Boehnlein
      * AHM 2015 - volunteers to host?

---++ Friday April 11th

   * 8:30am XD and XSEDE usage, XRAC and quarterly meeting report - Chander Sehgal
      * Engaging with XD Campus Champions - ideas discussion

   * 9:30am - Data Networking, view from being in Europe, any interest to OSG Science ? -  Ian Fisk

   *  10:00am Updates from Council members: Benefits from OSG over past year, Continued needs/vision for the future:
      *  Indiana - Bill Barnett - status and vision for IU Campus infrastructure,  Galaxy, Blast. Striker applications.
      *  US CMS - Ken Bloom - vision and needs for the CMS upgrades and LHC upgrades
      *  NEES  - Tom Hacker - thoughts for OSG based on NEES status and needs
      * ..


Reminder of [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/March-14-2013#Council_Member_Visions][Vision statements in 2013]]

---+++   New Action items
   * 2015 AHM

%STOPINCLUDE%

*Major updates*:%BR% 
-- Main.Ruth Pordes - 3/4/13



 &lt;!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
DOCUMENT OWNER
======================
 
   Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local OWNER          = RuthPordes
 
   Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
   DOC_AREA = (ComputeElement|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Monitoring|Operations|Security|SmallSite|Storage|User|VO)
   * Local DOC_AREA       = General
 
   define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
   DOC_ROLE = (Any|Developer|Documenter|Scientist|Student|SysAdmin|VOManager)
   * Local DOC_ROLE       = Any
 
   Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
   DOC_TYPE = (HowTo|Installation|Knowledge|Navigation|Planning|Team|Training|Troubleshooting)
   * Local DOC_TYPE       = Team
 
   Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = %NO%
 
   Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_TEST   = %NO%
 
   change to %YES% once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local REVIEW_READY   = %NO%
 
   change to %YES% once the document is ready to be tested and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local TEST_READY     = %NO%
 
   change to %YES% only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release
   * Local RELEASE_READY  = %YES%
 
 
DOCUMENT REVIEWER
======================
 
   Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local REVIEWER       = 
 
   Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local REVIEW_PASSED  = %IN_PROGRESS%
 
 
DOCUMENT TESTER
======================
 
   Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local TESTER         = 
 
   Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local TEST_PASSED    = %IN_PROGRESS%
############################################################################################################
 --&gt;
