---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Gabriele, Chander, Katherine, Tim T., Bo, Rob Q., Brian, Tim C., Mine

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

**Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * New Research Highlight on NOvA (http://www.opensciencegrid.org/understanding-the-ghostly-neutrino/)
      * Upcoming Protein Evolution highlight will be released shortly it is being reviewed. 
   * Draft &quot;Calling Card&quot; produced at the request of the OSG Council
      * Draft reviewed and approved
      * The IU Communication Office adding some graphical design elements to make this available for SC booths
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * Rob, Kathrine, and Kyle tweeting/retweeting items. If you have short items you&#39;d like sent let one of us know. 
   * FNAL Listserv Cleanup Project
   * Katherine setting up Face-to-Face with Rob G to review opensciencegrid.org

---+++ Concerns and Issues

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   * Blog vs Monthly Mailing of Newsletter - No progress - I don&#39;t sense much of an appetite for this? 
   * Partner with OSG User Support on Web Site - See above
   * Determine bottlenecks in Research Highlights 
   * Metrics - publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, publish 3-4 newsletter monthly, tweet 5-10 items per week. 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. Soichi has begun his transition to his new position
      * Now 50% FTE on OSG mostly concentrating on PerfSONAR service deployment. 
      * Sarah Schmiechen taking on added responsibilities
         * Specifically internal monitoring and ticket presentation and exchange.  
      * Gathering resumes for a replacement but it is slow going to this point.
         * First phone interviews begin next week. 
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Production release on Sept 14. 
      * Services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
         * Offer collection services to PRAGMA 
      * Hardware racked and ready
         * Additional drives for raid have been installed
         * Still some delays on SSD drive installation
      * Monitoring implemented and added to top level Operational status page
   4. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
         * Operations Collector fully functional and [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgstatushistory/index?datasource=statushistory&amp;start_type=7daysago&amp;end_type=now&amp;rg=on&amp;rg_406=on&amp;active=on&amp;active_value=1][stable]] 
      * At the last meeting I suggested we call this plan complete and move to a GRAM retirement plan. Tim Cartwright and I will be meeting Monday to discuss this. 
   5. OASIS delivery of CA/CRLs 
      * Under discussion an initial document explaining the issues and use cases is at https://docs.google.com/document/d/18r3BU5OTNIL2fkYI3kqv6-NqW6t4qNxUHRLU4ZxE4DE/edit?usp=sharing
      * This will be the subject of an upcoming security blueprint
   6. OASIS V2
      * Significant progress made
         * Still very heavyweight for an operations service
         * Addressing issues of repos not in the opensciencegrid.org or egi.eu domains
            * A work around is currently in place for desy.de but a long term solution still needs to be found
   7. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We&#39;ve been moving backwards with new perfsonar and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
      * OSG Environment Discovery
         * Based on job activity not registration
      * Cleaning up expired/out dated documents from the TWiki
         * Begun gathering metrics on TWiki usage to determine what are the most visited pages
         * Determine a proper archiving method, we want to remove documents from public but keep a record for revisiting if necessary
   8. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are evaluating Service Now ticketing
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators.
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL
   9. Final move of legacy contents from software.grid.iu.edu
      * Working to be sure all RSV probes are updated and all users have removed dependencies

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Soichi now 50%
      * Interviewing for replacement begins next week 
   2. Service Effort Adding Up
      * We&#39;ve moved from &quot;Currently sustainable but there are limits&quot; - Worried about effort going forward. 
      * Additional pressure in this area due to staffing changes
      * OASIS is still very effort heavy
   3. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   4. BDII Deprecation
      * Active discussion with technology and WLCG on how to handle information services
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   1. Many of these are behind due to staffing discussed above.
   2. Goal #5 - &quot;Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort.&quot; - Additional hardware in place for production services providing a home for this work. 
   3. Goal #6 - &quot;Continue to provide training on new technologies to equip support desk staff to troubleshoot issue as they are reported.&quot; - Working with UCSD !GlideIn Ops to provide access to logs and common problems documentation so Ops support can do more indepth and proactive troubleshooting of !GlideInWMS problems. 
   4. Goal #7 - &quot;7.	Develop and share a set of metrics that provide a reasonable measure of responsiveness to stakeholder tickets.&quot; - See draft document at - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket
   

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
Key Initiatives
   1. Trash/Trash/Blueprint on CRL CA / Authentication on the week of Dec 7. Distribution of CRL via CVMFS: CERN does it, but they have a EGI-wide banning tool.
   2. Draft calling card summarizing osg contacts. Reviewing opensciencegrid.org with Rob G for joint web site with user support.
   3. Networking dashboard in production. Offering PerfSONAR collection service for PRAGMA (about 12 resources)

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Soichi now at 50%; interviewing for replacement next week. Expect lack of progress in improving the sustainability of the internal environment  for 6 months. Delays on IPv6.
   2. Service effort adding up, compounded by heavy ops load for some services (e.g. OASIS) and staff change. New request include xrootd redirector and StashCache.
   3. DBII Deprecation: active discussion; deadline of 3/2017 dues to RHEL 5.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Ops HTCondor Collector fully functional; start planning on GRAM retirement


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 14 Sep 2015
