%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda/Minutes November 8, 2005

   * Tuesdays 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending:  Doug, Burt, Rob, Leigh

---++Previous Meeting notes

Wasn&#39;t one.

---++Registration Acknowledgements

Needs minor update.

Kyle has updated process so that a new form submission is held for review rather than write/overwrite the db entry.

---++VO Privilege Page

The GOC is requesting a VO Privilege page be added to the VO registrations SOP and form. An example of the iVDGL VO Privilege page can be seen at: http://www.ivdgl.org/~ivdgl/ivdgl-vo-privilege.html. The primary purpose for this page is to publish VOMS and GUMS configuration information.

Update the instructions about it. [Doug will look into it.]

---++Operations Activity Issues

---+++Review SOPs

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPScRegistration - review at ops meeting rather than SC meeting

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPRsRegistration - related topic is to review red sites at weekly ops meeting

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/CriticalUpdateSOPv2 - updates made to page

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPVoRegistration-v2 - add request to IEB to review VO purpose URL

---++Community Support Activity Issues


-- Main.DougOlson - 08 Nov 2005
