

-- Main.DanFraser - 16 Dec 2009
---++ Attendees: 
   * Marco, Rob S., Rik, Doug, Mine, Jim, Dan
---++ Significant/Action Items:
   * At least one site, UCLA (CMS) has already received their T3 stimulus funding.  A few sites have received approval to spend the funds even though they have not been received yet. Most of the T3 sites are expected to receive their funding early next year.
   * Atlas is in the process of bringing the ANL T3 system online. (Doug, Rik)
   * CMS is actively working with two new T3 sites (Purdue and VA) coming online. OSG T3 document reported as good, Rob and the CMS group have made some changes/recommendations to the docs, but is still needs thorough testing.
   * OSG T3 doc actively being worked on (Marco, Jim, Rob S., Dan)
   * Security portion of the document needs updated base on recommendations from the meeting (Mine, Jim)
      * Security Blog is a good start but needs to more quickly identify when action is required for T3 admins.
      * Top five items are a good start but more info (a link) is needed for each one. For example, &quot;maintain up to date CA information&quot; should included step by step directions on how to do this. (Mine, Jim)
      * Also need more detailed information for how local site admins can engage with their local security teams:
         * Need a document describing how sites should go about this, and how to address the most common security concerns likely to be raised by local site security teams (Mine, Jim)
         * Include a contact in the doc indicating that OSG can help by dialing into these meetings or that site folks can contact them directly. Include a contact point.(Mine, Jim)
         * Vet this document with CMS and Atlas reference sites (MD, SMU, Duke)
   * Doug B to meet with Doug O and discuss the scenario of Doug B being able to issue host certs to the local T3s
