%TOC%

---+ Combined Operations &amp; Support Centers Meeting January 17, 2006
Attendees: Burt, Shaowen, Tim, Adam, Gabriella, John, David, Steve, Doug, Greg, Ransom, John Rosheck, Fred, Neha

   * 2:30pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

---+ Operations Agenda
---++ Previous Meeting Notes
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesJanuary9
---++ Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall
---+++ Fermilab
Steve Timm - No issues.
---+++ USATLAS
Fred &amp; Tim - No issues.
---+++ USCMS
Burt - No issues other than existing open tickets.
---+++ CDF
No one attending.
---+++ DES/SDSS
Neha - No issues.
---+++ DZero
Welcome Gabrielle! - no issues. Nothing new. 
   * Needs &amp; Plans - Adam Lyon (lyon.fnal.gov) will be the contact person for this new VO, but delegate to Parog (name correct?) The purpose of this experiment is to reprocess a 1.5 billion event in 6 wks using all off-site and on-site resources from LCG and using resources on OSG. 2 large on-site farms and 2 off-site farms and doors to LCG and OSG that allow them to submit jobs to those resources. Splitting data in to 60 million per week and 500GHZ CPU per farm through March deadline but want to use the resources on LCG and OSG at 1000GHZ/wk to process 700 million event. -- It should be possible to give them come CPU cycles if they are willing to contribute cycles to OSG.
      * Doug asked Adam to write up a description to osg-operations about the experiment that we can forward to all SC&#39;s and site administrators. I will do some followup and be sure this is moving along, per Fred.
---+++ fMRI
No one attending.
---+++GADU
No one attending.
---+++GLOW
No one attending.
---+++GRASE
No one attending.
---+++LIGO
David - no issues.
---+++ STAR
Doug- no issues.
---++ Current OSG Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

724 - Martin will try to do an 0.4.0 installation...a 64 bit version install of 32 bit OSG

331 - Burt willl followup

412 &amp; 542 - GIP issues fixed w/0.4.0 release

580 rob has this and he sent the info to the vo admins and they are all added to the package, so waiting on vo admin approval

658- they need to install a new motherboard and they should be up soon...mb in the 16th and then sometime after that

717 - no response from Greg by Rob...people still need to run 1.0.x...Greg said he was out Fri and Mon and hadn&#39;t had a chance to upgrade GUMS yet, but plans to do so today.

730 - in the new package, waiting for vo admins to look at it

738 - Approved. Rob made changes to the info and they just need to be added to GridCat.

763 consumed TCP ports for Globus and this caused sites to show red on GridCat...high processes..John needs to report this to the ENG list, Bockjoo has been alerted.

758 - Leigh said in the ticket this was sent to CMS SC, but Burt hasn&#39;t received it. Will need to send to Burt again. Followup w/Leigh.

606 - waiting for VO admins, as before.

661 - in the 0.4.0 package, only important in the ITB pull there and done

696 - waiting for response from atlas

715 - GUMS leak...fix may be to just restart Tomcat occasionally

718 - Close.


---++ Other Issues
   * OSG 0.4.0 released and installation instructions are at http://ivdgl.uits.indiana.edu/~rquick/install_guide/InstallInstructions but are being added to the OSG KB at this time, http://kb.grid.iu.edu/

---+Support Centers Meeting Agenda

---++Previous Meeting notes
Operations.MinutesJanuary1006

---++Community Support Activity Issues

---++Other topics

---+++ 0.4 Release
Want to collect information from support centers on expected schedule for installing 0.4 and upgrading existing 0.21 installations to 0.4.

---+++ Consortium meeting



-- Main.DougOlson - 13 Jan 2006
