---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Chander, Mine, Brian, Ruth, Rob Q, Dan, Alain, Rob G, Gabriele

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

   * Rob Quick, Dan, and Chander to review growth of operational services and develop a recommendation that can be implemented in year 6B (starting 4/1/2012)

   * Dan and Chander should review with the OSG-ET whether any portion of remaining HTPC (satellite project) budget can be used for transforming HTPC to a production grade service in OSG.
 
---+++ Production - Dan Fraser
   * See presentation attached below.

---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/CampusGrids/CampusInfrastructureProjectPlan][Campus Infrastructure Project Plan]]

---+++ Operations - Rob Quick
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord_2_22_Ops_Quick.pptx][Ops Feb, 22nd PPT]]

---+++ Stakeholder Requests Update - Gabriele Garzoglio
OSG Stakeholders&#39; dashboard
http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 27 Jan 2012


