---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  &lt;nop&gt;%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Tuesday December 8, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 10:00 am Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 3333 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.ArvindGopu, Main.KyleGross Main.IwonaSakrejda, Main.MarcoMambelli, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel
---++++Regrets
Main.TanyaLevshina

---++ Agenda/%BLUE%Notes%ENDCOLOR%

---+++1. Review of Open Items
   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established (new css file is loaded in test TWiki) - Comments on: [[https://twiki-itb.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Main/TestingPageJim][TestPage]] %BLUE% Everyone was OK with the fonts for the 5 levels and we can make them active in the production TWiki.  There was some discussion whether to make the change TWiki wide or for just the Documentation, Release Documentation, and ITB Webs.  It is easier to maintain if we make it TWiki wide.  It may make some heading too small on existing pages if people have used higher levels (4 to 6) to get smaller fonts.  The conclusion was we should install it at the TWiki level and any pages that are negatively affected can be fixed by the owner. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Any ideas for Rating Pages?  The TWiki peer plugin is out of date and will not work in the current TWiki release.  %BLUE% Our only option would be to modify/update the Peer plugin or write our own.  Robert will look at the Peer plugin source (Perl) and roughly estimate the effort that would be required. %ENDCOLOR%

---+++2. Documentation
   1 Discuss the tools Robert has created for managing the documentation process and how to get these under GOC control:
      * https://twiki-itb.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Main/RobertEngel
      * https://twiki-itb.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Main/WebPreferences  %BLUE% Arvind will create a repository for the code Robert produces with access by Robert.  Kyle can install the !WebPreferences code in the TWiki when Robert says he is ready.  As a result, all software and resulting !WebPreferences strings will be under the GOC management which will mean they are automatically backed up, etc.  Installing the !WebPreferences will not affect any existing TWiki use since it must be called to be used. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Robert will edit Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone to incorporate his comments (and Tanya&#39;s HDFS -&gt; NFS) which were discussed at a previous meeting.  %BLUE% Completed.  The only remaining items are to change the name and internal references to !GsiFtp to !GridFtp, fix the heading levels (after the css is installed), and address the remaining comment.  Also, after the process variables are stable, they will need to be added to the file. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Update on Storage structure - Tanya
   1 T3 Documentation update - Marco  %BLUE% Marco has organized the T3 documentation into 3 areas: Description, Installation, and Example Installation.  There will be about 20 new documents.  If existing install documents only have a few options that can be resolved in the T3 document, then the existing installation document can be used.  If the existing install document has many options, the T3 team will produce a streamlined version within the T3 web.  Marco will follow the InstallDocContents standard for any new installation procedures.  We also decided to trial the new documentation process for the T3 documents. There will be on the order of 20 new documents so it will be a good test of the procedures. %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Status of Documentation Review - Jim is reviewing all documentation (like he did for Storage) to produce a TWiki page listing the documents for each area with comments and a proposed disposition for review by the area owner.  %BLUE% Robert will produce search code to find all the documents in each area. %ENDCOLOR%

---+++3. Next Steps %BLUE%
   1 Kyle: Add a level 6 to the css file with the same size as level 5 and install it in the production TWiki.
   1 Robert: Estimate the effort that would be required to write a plugin for page rating (or modify the Peer plugin). 
   1 Arvind: Create a repository for code Robert has written for the documentation project.  Only Robert needs access.
   1 Robert: Produce search strings for finding existing documents for review.
%ENDCOLOR%



-- Main.JamesWeichel - 02 Dec 2009
