%TOC%


---+  Support Centers Meeting Agenda/Minutes October 18, 2005

Tuesday 2:30pm Central, Phone Number +1-510-665-5437, Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Doug O., Fred, Stan, Rob Q., Burt, Lisa

---++ Draft Org Chart

Operations.OSGSupportOrganizationalChart

D.O. - checking on NERSC and STAR Sao Paolo

Burt - check on Dane (FNAL_DDS)

Rob - vanderbilt

Fred - TACC, OU_OASCER

Rob will check with Burt about USCMS resources

Rob will update for next week.

---++ Operations Activity Issues

---+++ Usage Reporting

Mark is putting something together, Iosif can also.
What is useful to Support Centers?

Trouble tickets by Support Center. (something for the new person)

Burt - Dantong has some ideas about what is interesting to monitor.

Resource usage by site &amp; VO seems like a baseline resource reporting.

Reports can/should be sent to osg-ops-status.

Does operations want to send reports about open tickets?


---+++ SOP Items

Approving the developing SOPs, Operations.DevelopingStandardOperatingProcedures.

Declare Operations.StandardOperatingProcedureSOP, 
Operations.SOPVoRegistration,
Operations.ServiceChange,
Operations.CriticalUpdateSOP
approved.

Urgent - stays draft, announce to support centers, 
announce preparation of update at first decision point,
what is lower decision point?

Can critical &amp; urgent be combined? Could be but not necessary.

Should add Resource Registration SOP.

Published SOPs are at Operations.StandardOperatingProcedures.


---++ Community Support Activity Issues

Phone meeting tomorrow.

Will go over answers to FAQ examples. Anyone with homework due should submit it.

-- Main.DougOlson - 18 Oct 2005
