
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 15 Jul 2011
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Friday 15 Jul 2011&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting:  Friday 16 September 2011&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Anthony Tiradani&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Maarten Litmaath&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Scott Tiege&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Topics of Discussion

---++ NOTE:
   * There will be no meeting in August since the WLCG participants will be on Holiday

---+++ Information Systems / Accounting
   * Bdii v5 working and stable
      * passed the &quot;Igor load test&quot;

---+++ Computing/Storage services 
   * glexec
      * debugging will have to be site-by-site
      * should be deployed at all Tier-1&#39;s, but may not be at all Tier-2&#39;s
   * voms.fnal.gov cert
      * FTS (SL4), gliteWMS (SL4) both need the actual certificate if any proxy
        generated by voms.fnal.gov is going to work
      * and service deployed for SL5 should *not* have that problem

---+++ Miscellaneous
   * WLCG workshop
      * relationship between WLCG and EMI/EGI being tweaked and formalized
      * data movement and handling a big topic
   * Technology Evolution Group
      * investigating multi-user pilot jobs
      * working with middleware software
      * has unintentionally put a brake on further deployment of glexec
   * ATLAS (Rob Gardner) has requested that we revive the interoperability
     testbed.  He has offered Panda queues to target WLCG worker nodes, and CE&#39;s
     that run the pre-release software in WLCG for testing.


-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 01 Aug 2011
