---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Tony, Brian, Gabriele

---++ Past Issues
   * The =GlueCEInfoDefaultSE= parameter was set to =UNAVAILABLE=.  Fixed in 1.0.
   * token_info_provider.py. Fixed in 1.0.
   * PBS whitelist/blacklist queue documentation: need to get this well-documented and into release documentation.  Tony will do this.
   * Output from the GIP validator at http://gip-validate.grid.iu.edu/itb is now OK for all sites.

---++ Current Issues
   * Operations should include Tony&#39;s validation pages (currently http://home.fnal.gov/~tiradani/).   Burt will talk to RobQ.

---++ OSG 1.2
   * Burt has the wishlists and will integrate them with the VDT wishlist and discuss with the OSG Trash/Trash/Blueprint activity.

---++ Next Meeting
Wednesday Jul 2 10 AM CDT
