---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  05/11/06


---++ AGENDA

(1) Report on Upcoming SE Interoperability Meeting - Timur

(2) SE on OSG &quot;How-To&quot; - Brainstorming session - see below

(3) SE Support - revisit our model - led by Eileen

(4) Where do we go from here?
   (a) Local vs. WAN based storage
   (b) towards a roadmap

SE on OSG How-To:  Eileen and I believe that an important missing
item is a list of instructions for someone who wants to add a
new SE to the OSG.  What do they need to do?

We would like to have a brainstorming session on several
issues which we need to discuss and then write-out:

(1) Requirements:  What functionality does an OSG SE need to support?

(2) Validation:  what tests need to be run?  Is there an ACDC dashboard
      equivalent for SEs?

(3) Monitoring: who?  what?  how?

(4) Policy: how do you advertise/post your policies and capacities
   to other OSG users?

(5) Support:  is there an OSG policy on support from providers? Is
there general OSG support for new users of a new SE? 


---++ Attending
   * Eileen Berman, Jon Bakken, Timur Perlmutov (FNAL)
   * David Myers (LIGO)
   * Alex Sim (LBNL)
   * Abhishek Rana (UCSD)
   * Surya Pathak, Paul Sheldon (Vanderbilt)


---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ Storage Interoperability Workshop

Timur: The main goal of workshop is to modify the SRM specification and
implementations to satisfy needs of LHC experiments for storage.

Reps of experiments have stated that in its current form SRM does not
satisfy their current needs - particularly storage permanence parameter
(data retention - needs to be permanent).
this is one of their concerns.  goal will be to go over changes requested
and finalize.  reps from glue schema will also be present 
to discuss what changes this
will require for them.  There may be some clean up (deprecation)
of functionality of glue scheme.

Eileen: what is output of meeting?  

Timuir:  particular protocol changes for SRM - new functionality, some old ones
will be modified.  also, implementation schedule will be agreed to. by
major SRM storage systems.  SRM milestones will be developed.  Agreement
between exps and SRM developers about what reqs and functionality will
be.  Reps from SEs:  Castor, dCache, DPM, and DRM.  and Expts.

Eileen:  please come back and report highlights after workshop, is that
alright?  (Timur agrees)

Paul:  I would encourage people to look at  
[[http://indico.cern.ch/materialDisplay.py?contribId=15&amp;amp;sessionId=3&amp;amp;materialId=slides&amp;amp;confId=1929][Michael Ernst&#39;s talk from today]] (link is to a pdf file), 
he goes into a bit more detail on all of this actually
although he doesn&#39;t mention it directly.  Also, 
[[%ATTACHURL%/GGF17-GIN-SRM-TESTER-REPORT.pdf][Alex sent a report]] (again, a pdf file)
to the
storage list discussing interoperability tests which was very interesting
and should be the subject of a future meeting.

---+++ OSG Storage Element Installation How To

What does it mean to put up an SE on the OSG?  How do we do it?

David:  certainly LIGO would be interested in a list of how to bootstrap
a dCache facility.  They are doing this and feel that the problems they
encountered are generic.

Specifically:  would love to have standard facilities that were supported
somewhere in OSG that would allow us to test if our installation is working.
In addition, he would like to be able to test at intermediate steps.
right now he is trying to install, build several things:  srmcp, DRM,
trying to interoperate with other installations...  need to be able to
test individual pieces against standard, known things.  

Surya: yes, I had the same issue.

Eileen: is storage doc in OSG any good?  is it poorly organized, does it 
even exist?

Abhishek:  we don&#39;t use OSG pages at all.  we use internal mail lists, such
as those maintained by Jon Baken for dCache.

Jon:  just checked, and we already have SRM facilities that LIGO can use.

David:  Yes, but we still need well known sites that are supported by community or by known
entities that we could test on/against consistently.  Currently I have
been prevailing on people to provide these on a temporary basis, they 
are very busy, not their job to support them, etc.  we (this group) should
move this out to a supported infrastructure. 

Surya:  saves frustration, learning curve

Surya was asked to type up his notes on what it takes to bring up an SRM
installation, and David will go over doc and add information and/or
comment on his experience.

This will make a first draft.

Eileen:  monitoring

Surya: monitoring at several different levels, but not clear where/what it
is.

Paul:  what about validation?

Eileen:  OK, lets go back to that.  

Paul:  if you want to add a CE, you have to pass the ACDC tests and
pass most of the tests.

David:  I would just be happy with a command line &quot;site verify&quot; test,
don&#39;t need the ACDC type thing initially.  This is included in the 
VDT for CEs.

Paul:  Alex has the equivalent for SEs (SRMs, at least) but not sure
if it is in VDT.  Mark Green talked about putting this into ACDC
dashboard

Alex:  there is a VDT tool, it is included there.  The University
of Iowa was using this.

Eileen:  is there documentation for this SRM test?
we could then add this to our How-To.

Back to Monitoring...

This would be important for new SEs.

David: There is an SRM tester Twiki page, which discusses the beginnings of a scheme that
could be extended to do constant heartbeat &quot;are you alive&quot; testing.  There are several SRMs
that are already being monitored.  There is only a small amount of info that is being
tested,  but 
this is a good skeleton on which a better system could be
built.

Alex:  yes, but there is also jClarens information that is being implemented
in dCache as well as DRM.  last I heard this was being implemented, and they
were asking what information to put in there.  (Dmitry at FNAL).

Paul:  Alex, you joined meeting late [Note: he had warned us he would have to]. It has been requested to be able to
install an SRM installation in pieces, with tests at each intermediate step
to make sure that things have been installed/configured correctly.

Alex: yes it possible to do this, and it would be useful.  should be able to
do this.

Surya:  and this is how I am doing this in installing an SRM implementation
here.

Paul:  what about a reference set of sites for this?

Action Items:

(1) Surya type up his experiences, send them around.  this will be

(2) Eileen will investigate possibility of reference sites, or guidance
on establishing them

Eileen:  what about policy?  how do you advertise?  what policy do you post?

Paul:  starting of this for CEs...  via security group.  we should try to
put together a template to give them when they are ready for us.

Abhishek:  a small example.  one of the problems we face in the short term
is that if a site supports other VOs other than the main sponsoring
VOs these things need to be published somewhere.  this info could be
published statically but even better could it be discovered dynamically...
he would like to talk to people at FNAL about this when he is there
at Fermilab for the interoperablity meeting.

We will forward items left from this meeting to next one.

-- Main.PaulSheldon - 11 May 2006


&lt;!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
 DEAR DOCUMENT OWNER
 ===================

 Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local OWNER = PaulSheldon

 Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
 DOC_AREA = (ComputeElement|Storage|VO|Security|User|Monitoring|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Operations|Tier3)
   * Local DOC_AREA       = Storage

 define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
 DOC_ROLE = (EndUser|Student|Developer|SysAdmin|VOManager)
   * Local DOC_ROLE       = SysAdmin

 Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
 DOC_TYPE = (Troubleshooting|Training|Installation|HowTo|Planning|Navigation|Knowledge)
   * Local DOC_TYPE       = Installation
  Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = %NO%

 Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_TEST   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local REVIEW_READY   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be tested and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local TEST_READY     = %NO%

 change to %YES% only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release
   * Local RELEASE_READY  = %YES%


 DEAR DOCUMENT REVIEWER
 ======================

 Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local REVIEWER       = FirstName
 Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local REVIEW_PASSED  = %NO%


 DEAR DOCUMENT TESTER
 ====================

 Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local TESTER         = FirstLast
 Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local TEST_PASSED    = %NO%
############################################################################################################
--&gt;

