---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Aug19][August 19]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

Philippe: We are meeting on Monday  for the Gratia Meet and Greet.

Philippe: Probe file staging improvement are upcoming improvement the (collector)

Brian: Is there a way to have one process acting as several probes.

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

Dan: Sent the main collector backup to CMU.  

Philippe: Since we fixed the DCache probe, BNL is busy cahcing up slightly faster than the collector can process.  This leads to an input interuption on the collector of about 1 days which lead to 2.1 millions files accumulated on the probe site ... leading to the update of the Probe.  We still have to reprocess this 2 millions records.

Brian: Nebraska collector is back (issue with binary logs)

---++RSV

---+OSG

Rob: MyOSG update coming up soon.   A priori only the html pages are changing.

Philippe checked and is fine
Chris still need to check.

---+Collector:

John Hover: Progress expected in 2 weeks.

Philippe:  Reminder there is a feature freeze for the next release on September 9.

BOINC probe: Sebastian still does not have his hand on Condor 7.3.2

---+OSG Naming Convention.

Brian: We would update the config.ini to replace SiteName with ResourceName and ResourceGroupName.

Brian: Oim would like to bump up the wlcg/apel flag from Resource to ResourceGroup.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
