---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 29 Sept 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending

Leigh, Alain, Mike, Doug, Miron, Kent, Frank

---++ Administrata
Status of SOWs -- Have Leigh and Miron talked to Bakul? Feedback? Torre -- has Bakul contacted you yet?

Leigh to talk with Bakul tomorrow.

Kent got SOW for Caltech and expects to send back to Bakul tomorrow.

Miron - what is the flow for SOWs? Who approves it?

Kent - should go through resource coordinators, perhaps finance board

Miron - Kent &amp; Paul should get status of SOWs from Bakul to report at this meeting.

---++ Applications
GADU - what is needed to get them back using OSG according to plan -- Mike, we are expecting an email telling us what needs to be done to help them and who will do it or what help they need BEFORE the meeting. 

From Mike:
&lt;verbatim&gt;
Current problems:

- not authorized at all sites
  (will work through Operations channels to increase site pool)
- de-authorized at some sites due to NFS load
  (looking at ways to fix this within GADU and VDS groups
- exceeding RAM limits on worker nodes
  (working to get better measurements of needs and of which RAM limits
  were exceeded)
- long term: need to move to incremental BLAST to reduce workload
  (CompBio group is working on this)

Current plans:

- run full GADU update workload quarterly
- start next update soon - week of oct 2 is desired
- run smaller GADU runs (100+ jobs) 2x per week

Size of planned full-update runs:

- 120K jobs, 2-6 hrs per job
  80K @ 2 hrs
  40K @ 6 hrs
  160K + 240K = 400K hours
- 120K output files
  avg 5MB
  ~ 600GB output 
&lt;/verbatim&gt;
Q: How to arrange authorization at sites? &lt;br&gt;
Leigh not sure Operations is right channel, mostly it is by agreement
with other VOs. VORS reports 37 allowing GADU.


ML - If s/w works right there is no reason to wait &amp; jobs should run or wait as needed. Leigh &amp; Mike should look into issues.

I/O issue - MW-well understood now, Non-redundant DB (3GB) sits in app directory and gets read to each WN each job.&lt;br&gt;
MW addition: BLAST does use the whole DB on each job. We dont know if it re-reads any portions more than once, though. We think not.

ML - would dCache help?  dCache can limit too many simultaneous readers

MW - will look into dCache &amp; other options

FW - CMS-  CSA06 starts on Monday

---++ 4-6 Slides for SciDAC
Make an outline; comment on the outline Ruth sent round.

ML - Ruth &amp; ML will prepare draft content for next week, &amp; then get comments on content, then get someone to make it pretty.

---++ VDT priorities update.
Its about 1 month since we went through the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Management/20060831AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls][VDT priorities]]

 (this is a link.. if it does not show up in your email as such here is the 
url : http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Management/20060831AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls )

From Alain:
&lt;verbatim&gt;
Ruth gave me the priorities on 11-Sep-2006. Here is the short version:

Priority  Task
          Comments
1         Improve ability to upgrade from one version of the VDT to another
          A great deal of work has be done, more needs to be done.
1         Add Gratia
          Very good progress made, not yet done
2         Add BDII &amp; OpenLDAP
          Some progress on building OpenLDAP
2         About 50 small bug fixes and enhancements
          Will never be done, but progress made
2         VDS
          No progress, waiting for new version from VDS devs
3         Update platforms we build on
          In progress (precursor to OpenLAP and many other tasks)
3         Add dCache to the VDT as an RPM
          Not yet, waiting for discussions with Fermi VDT folks
3         Globus updated for WSGRAM and GT4.0.3
          Move to GT4 in progress. Need patches for GRAM
4         CEMon
          Done
4         Squid
          Mostly done, need some small tweaks
5         Add Globus&#39;s Virtual Workspaces (for Edge Services Framework)
          Met with Tim Freeman, we now understand what needs to be done
5         Add VOMRS
          Discussions, but no progrss
5         Support Sun Grid Engine
          No progress
5         Switch from MySQL to MySQL Max
          No progress
5         Upgrade MonaLisa
          No progress (but easy to do at last minute)
5         MDS 4
          No progress, but task undefined
6         Add glexec
          Not done, don&#39;t have glexec yet
6         Add grid exerciser
          No progress
7         Add gLite client tools for interoperability
          No progress
8         Add dCache to the VDT as a Pacman package
          Not yet, waiting for discussions with Fermi VDT folks
?         Add script to find missing sanity check edg-mkgridmap
          Defined exactly what needs to be done
?         Add support for WS GRAM
3         Add TclGlobus
          Version 1.3.0 completely in, need to get 1.4.0 in and tested
          before it&#39;s finished
?         Add Grid Exerciser to the VDT

One note: in the last month, we also put in a lot of work on the GT4 and VOMS security updates.

-alain 
&lt;/verbatim&gt;
Some discussion about gLite client after prioritization &amp; that may change.&lt;br&gt;
Working on may low level issues such that updates and rollbacks happen correctly. On ability to upgrade within a single version of VDT. Not yet started is the ability to upgrade to a new version of VDT (i.e., install new one and copy config from old one).

ML - what to do to test the scripts? On the ITB?  Can Alain &amp; Leigh have plan of how to test this software for next meeting.

ML - want time/schedule info on the high priority items

ML - wants to see it in a spreadsheet so more info is available.&lt;br&gt;
AR - some comments have been added since the one shown in the twiki link above.

---++ AOB.
---+++ VO Registration update
Registration procedure [[Trash.OperationsVoRegistrationInstructions][updated]] to factor bureacratic &amp; technical process.

LG - GUGrid registration brought up some issues, will have simple form for VO Application for info to go to the EB
for approval before we collect the technical info about VOMS servers, etc.

Kent thinks looks good, except for spelling.  Good to include something about certificate request handling.&lt;br&gt;
Doug is trying to talk about that issue with each new VO now and expect to put something into the formal process to help.

---+++ More

NERSC - ALain &amp; Doug will talk tomorrow.

ML, LG, AR had good discussion about monitoring and will report on it later.


-- Main.RuthPordes - 28 Sep 2006
