---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Jul29][July 29]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

Philippe:  A missing index slowed down the main collector last week; this has been fixed by adding the indices.  This was exacerbated by a overzealous queries (which has been tamed by Brian).

Chris: OCHEP.OU.EDU&#39;s probe keeps getting stalled.  This is the only site to which that happens.  We have not yet determine what is the specificity of that tickle the problem (which we have not yet found the root cause).  

Dan: One of the Gratia development has spontaneously rebooted (no root cause known, machine no longer in warranty). 

---+OSG 

Brian: Dan F. is worried about the BNL upload of data.   The backlog is decreasing by only 2 days per week.

Brian: No progress from John Hover.

Brian:  BNL is planning on make the site(s) name(s) effective around September.  However I have been told that WCLG/EGEE is saying that no name change is possible/supported within they system.

Keith: Was the no-name change in the original requirement?

Brian/Philippe: We do not think so.

Keith/Philippe:  So we should push WLCG to enable the name change and this MUST (yes MUST) be effective around the same time as the change in OSG.   Otherwise we will have a lot of manual work until it is done.

---+WLCG 

WLCG is going toward a hierarchy of collectors ... the question is wether OSG will upload the full data or continue as is.

---+Reports

Update coming from Jeff and Penelope using work done by Actuate (fix for pdf truncation and new report).

---++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

---+Probes

---++BOINC probe development.

Brian: no progress to report (waiting for needed release of condor)

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
