---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Brian, Tim T, Chander Tim C., Mine, Bo, Gabriele, Rob Q.


---++ Top of Meeting Business

   * Apr 8 RobQ
   * Apr 15 RobG
   * Apr 22 Shawn
   * Apr 29 Tim &amp; Tim
   * May 6  Brian
   * May 13 Bo 
   * May 20 No Meeting (Staff Retreat and HTCondor Week)

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Security - Mine Altunay
   * Last report was on Feb 2nd. We then reported that we will kick off the OSG CA transition project and finish the Planning phase by the end of February, which we did. More on this below. 
   * Key Initiatives: OSG CA Backend Transition
      * The updated [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_CA_ProjectPlan_v0.3.xlsx][ProjectPlan v0.3]]
      * The Project website is at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/OSGCATransitionToCILogonHSM
      * The Planning Phase documents are on the Project twiki. The planning phase is completed before the end of February. We immediately tackled the Development Phase. 
      * The Development phase is %95 completed by mid-March. Soichi takes the credit-- great work. There is one more item, we asked CILogon HSM team to send back more descriptive error codes. Once they change the API, the coding phase is completely closed.
      * The certificate DN is changed to DC=org, DC=opensciencegrid, O=Open Science Grid, OU=People, CN=Test User 456. This has no reference to CILogon HSM. If in future we decide to change our backend again, we can do so without changing our DN namespace. This is a very good change for our community.  
      * The Testing Phase is started in March earlier than our scheduled date of 4/3. We did OIM functionality tests: Obtaining different kinds of certs and revoking them, and checking the whole process end to end. No errors found.
      * ITB test cycle is the next step. We are contacting the sites and VOs to test their software. We have 5 admins committed so far. We also need OSG services to be involved in testing too. GOC, Factories, docdb, they should all test the new certificates. 
      * IGTF Accreditation. We were originally aiming to apply for our accreditation on the October TAGPMA meeting. Since we had a good development experience and established the CA architecture, we decided to go for an earlier date. I made our official application and we reserved a spot at the May 27th TAGPMA meeting. Since we are really moving fast, I do not expect reviewers to vote on it on May. They will vote after the meeting probably in 1-2 months. This will gain us months of time in the process. I am working on completing our CP/CPS (a long detailed document explaining how our CA operates) and a slide deck to present at the meeting. Normally this process takes 6 months or more for CAs, so we are definitely pushing it, but I want to try. At the worst case, if we cannot finish all our documentation on time, I will present at the October meeting as we scheduled earlier. 
   * Key Initiatives: Mitigating the Risks found in the Traceability of !GlideinWMS jobs
      * Wrote down a proposal. The biggest risk is that an attacker will overwrite all the log files and we will only get a set of users that may have all done the attack - we won&#39;t know which user exactly did the damage. To fix this, we decided to separate the glide in job and its logs from the regular user jobs. So, all the user jobs will run under the same account but have no access to the log files. Please note that the end user will NOT obtain certificates. We will do the account switching for the user, in fact all users will run under the same account. We found out that the lcmaps already provides several plugins that can achieve this. We are investigating which route to take.  
   * Key Initiatives: OSG AHM
      * The security team gave 3 talks and performed 3 demos at the AHM session. The talks were well attended and received interesting questions. 
   * Operations: 
      * Glibc, HTCondor CE, rowhammer, and openssl vulnerabilities. 
      * Was able to get digicert-grid sha2 intermediate test ca to work for submitting jobs to SL6 CA. SL5 CA had java related issues. Don&#39;t believe its due to the certificates.
      * Set up a test VOMS server and tried to register multiple DNs for a user. we will use this ability when we transition our users to the new OSG CA backend. With this capability, we can register our users new DNs even before they obtain their certificates, so the end user does not have to take any action to register themselves. 
   
 
 

 

    
   

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. OSG CA Backend Transition: planning phase completed and development 95% done. Starting testing phase ahead of schedule. Planning to apply for IGTF Accreditation in May, although may slide to next opportunity (Oct).

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. OSG CA project may need additional effort for the testing phase.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Represented security at the OSG AHM: obtained interesting feedback.


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 06 Feb 2015
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_CA_ProjectPlan_v0.3.xlsx][OSG_CA_ProjectPlan_v0.3.xlsx]]: OSG_CA_ProjectPlan_v0.3.xlsx

