---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Tony, Suchandra, Gabriele, Parag 
---++ Issues
   * From Sep 5, no report:
      * Ask BeSTMan developers for GIP plugin -- Brian will bring it up to osg-storage 
      * Existing docs fixed for duplicate pages (Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGenericInformationProvider vs. GenericInformationProviders). Steve Timm will review. 
   * Documentation still needs to be updated to reflect the changes in alter-attributes.conf (Tony) 
   * Latest 1.0.x release 
      * 1.0.3 tagged but not cut 
      * Bugfix for [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/18][18]] is in testing phase. If tests are successful we&#39;ll roll it into the 1.0 branch, tag 1.0.4, cut, and release to VDT for Suchandra and Jeff to test. 
   * Ferrmigrid tools currently assume GlueSubClusterUniqueID == GlueClusterUniqueID. Burt will talk to Steve offline about it. 
   * Burt met with Gabriele and Parag about the change control process for CEMon/ReSS -- participants satisifed with the outcome of the meeting. 
   * Bug Review 
      * [[http://t2.unl.edu:8094/ticket/18][18]]: Fixed, in testing phase. 

---++ Next Meeting Friday Oct 3, 1 pm CDT

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 19 Sep 2008
