---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Jan20][January 20]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

Chris: Continuing to test and polish the new hardware/software stack.

Chris: Planning on going live.

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

Brian: We meet with Dan F. about the upgrade of the probe.  We have a go for sending the ticket around (as soon as VDT is ready)

Brian: OSG Software Tool Group and Gratia team met to review the outstanding list of non-trivial upgrade request.  We are missing some manpower and the STG will have reflection on whether to find the man power or drop the request(s). 

Brian: I have want to continue to stay on top of the report on how site and vos are reporting.   The ops and production team can and should help.

---+WLCG 

Brian: Before we move on with the renaming of the Site/Resource we need to make sure that WLCG is properly setup.  It seems (and that is &#39;new) that we need to use the ResourceGroup name to upload the data with (rather than the Resource Name as previously planned).

---+Fermi/CD

---+Developments

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Still working on bigint improvement.

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

Not quite finish yet ... I am still in the process of incorporating test in the test suite.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

