%TOC%

---+Support Centers Technical Group Meeting July 05

The Support Centers Technical Group call will be held today at 2:30PM CDT. 

Phone: 510-665-5437
Meeting ID: 1223

Attendees: Burt, DougO, Fred, RobQ

---++Trouble Ticket Exchange

---+++Exporting Tickets from Footprints

   * Waiting for Rich Thompson to work on the export of FP to Remedy

---+++EEGE Ticket Exchange (GGUS)

   * Specify email ticket should go to between OSG and EEGE

---++Registration Information DB

   * Was covered in Doc meeting
   * Short list of requirements for the DB (Rob will request from Kyle)
   * Keeping information updated by Support Centers
   * It was agreed that the [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0507a&amp;L=tg-supportcenters&amp;T=0&amp;F=&amp;S=&amp;P=188][new registration forms]] are an improvement and should be used instead of the existing ones.

---++Joint OSG/EEGE Operations Workshop
---+++Proposed Dates

   * October 17th 

---+++Proposed Locations

   * RAL

---++Community Support Activity

   * Recommended that this be an activity and there was no objection
   * Burt and Fred are tenative co-chairs, this will probably not get under way until after July 20th

---++Other topics 


-- Main.RobQ - 05 Jul 2005

