---+!! Minutes of the OSG Executive Board

%TOC%

---++ Coordinates

   * October 9th, 2006, 2-6pm Central (Chicago)
   * ESNET Adhoc 88674 or Call 510-883-7860 then enter the Ad-hoc number 88674 followed by the # sign. 

---++ Attending

   * Frank Van Lingen/Caltech, Stu Martin, Patrick Brady/LIGO, Rob G/UC, Kent Blackburn/Caltech, Ruth/FNAL, Doug Olson/LBNL, Alain Roy/UW, Miron/UW, Don Petravick/FNAL, Leigh Grundhoefer/IU, Torre/BNL
   * Regrets: Frank W.

---++ Agenda

   * Executive Director intro - agenda check.
   * OSG-External Projects status/issues.
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/osgExecBoard0061009.pdf][LIGO PIF Report]] - Patrick Brady
      *  [[%ATTACHURL%/gram_comparison_v5.doc][GramComparison - Globus/CDIGS]] - Stu Martin
      * Ultralight - Frank Van Lingen
      * US LHC WLCG Management Board- Ian Fisk (4 pm) 
   * Additional External Projects and technical contacts:
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGEBExternalProjects.txt][OSGEBExternalProjects.txt]]
   * Trash/Engagement Program report - Alan, John
   * Finance Board and Resources Managers report - Kent, Paul: Status of SOWs
   * Council Action Items that affect the EB  - Bill 
      * Science Advisory Group; By-Laws; Letters of Support; Contacting BNL on GUMS. 
   * EOT - Next Activity plan - Mike
   * Security Plan - status and schedule - Don 
   * OSG Agreements and Policies - where we are at, what we need:   * [[%ATTACHURL%/NWICGOSGPartnership.doc][NWICGOSGPartnership.doc]]:
   * Status of Workplans - Ruth
      * WBS
         *  [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGHighLevelMilestones-V2.doc][OSGHighLevelMilestones-V2.doc]]
      * Year 1 plan
         * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Troubleshooting_Planning_V0.5.doc][OSG_Troubleshooting_Planning_V0.5.doc]]:  
         * 9/14/06 state of the  [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGProjectPlan.doc][OSGProjectPlan.doc]]
      * OISE : [[%ATTACHURL%/OISEDeliverables.doc][OISEDeliverables.doc]]:
   * Publications and science benefits -- how are we going to define these - All
      * Metrics Working Group and Worker? * [[%ATTACHURL%/Metrics.doc][Metrics.doc]]: 
   * Status of the Infrastructure
   * Next Meeting - Caltech 12/14/2006


---++ Executive Director intro
   * Agenda check..nothing added.
   * Two sections today - external projects followed by management reports.

---++  OSG-External Projects status/issues.
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/osgExecBoard0061009.pdf][LIGO PIF Report]] - Patrick Brady
      * Goal is to support, enhance, deploy grid tools and infrastructure to support LIGO science.
      * Long term plans are to integrate better into OSG, and identify places where OSG can provide needed services.
      * Note - LIGO is in the middle of a two-year data run. 
      * There are three commitments - 1) CA, 2) VO mgt services, 3) related to VDT.
         * OSG will provide 1/2 FTE support for LIGO-specific needs.  Warren Anderson is the tech contact for LSC, Doug for OSG.
         * VO management issues - manpower identified. Still looking at what exactly LSC should provide and support.
         * VDT - Stuart Anderson is the technical contact from LSC, Alain for the VDT. Things are in pretty good shape with Condor and other VDT/LIGO integration issues.
      * An OSG activity - Kent is the PI at Caletch for OSG related activities.  Working on integration of basic middleware services, and eventually will work on workflow and authorization services.  There are weekly meeting LIGO meetings with OSG attendence - expanding now with technical participation so that deliverables are matching requirements.
      * There are additional weekly technical meetings with LIGO and VDT that are very useful.
      * Q: what VO issues are outstanding?  Working on a number of issues to speed up the certificate request process for LIGO.  Other issues - what extent will VOMS and GUMS usage.  Note - there are no weekly meetings where VO issues are being addressed.  Patrick expect that issues will be brought forward by Warren to Doug, expect to see things move forward.  By-weekly Privilege meeting is being used to discuss the VOMS,GUMS issues.
      * Doug will update the action item list within the next month (from August meeting, see: http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Security/OsgLigoIdAuthz).

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/gram_comparison_v5.doc][GramComparison - Globus/CDIGS]] - Stu Martin
      * Report from CDIG related work on Globus performance.
      * Focus is on GRAM comparisons - GT2, GT4: functional and performance.
      * Plan on involving more of the Globus team in some of these tests.
      * Q(Miron): what is the best way to keep OSG and Globus to collaborate, feedback channels open, for OSG to communicate requirements and receive notice of Globus plans and releases.  A: There are processes within Globus for Campaigns, etc., where release planning takes place.  
      * Is this enough? Alain and Stu communicate directly on GRAM.  Security patches. What about other components in Globus, such as MDS4 patches?  
      * Ruth: the EB has the high level OSG view for these issues, and that more detailed discussions take place within the extension projects themselves.  For VDT related issues - VDT office hours is a natural venue. ET can work with specific lists to facilitate this.  
      * New auditing components in Globus - Stu has had initial discussions with Philip.  Globus service auditing DB can be used by accounting service to capture Globus job ID, and use upstream.   Plan was to try out an auditing prototype at Fermi.
      * What other things should we discuss with Globus - other things on the CDIGS roadmap?
      * Miron - need something of a &quot;clearinghouse&quot; for various issues - eg, all the Bugzilla tickets submitted on behalf of OSG. 
      * Need to know which is OSG, which is an external project.  For something that comes after deployment, then it becomes an issue for the project.
      * Stu will look into way to tag issues (in Bugzilla, and Campaigns) to capture OSG related issues.  But how is ownership assigned, and how is it tracked?
      * Question is how will triage and bug dissecting occur during the troubleshooting process. 
      * But what about new features, schedules, input from OSG as a customer, eg.?  How is this done for Teragrid - situation a bit different since TG funds directly GIG personnel for this issue.  Note - OSG will have an FTE for Globus troubleshooting.   Do we need a special forum for this?  Decide to get back to Stu on this.
      * Besides gram and auditing work, also looking at advanced reservation components which will depend on what resource managers are in use at a site.

   * Ultralight - Frank Van Lingen
      * Network reservation service - for applications (Sanjay Ranka/Florida). 
      * Data management group - LSTOR, a network-centric storage application; will implement SRM v2 interface.  Based on Internet backplane protocol. 
      * Development of an efficient data transfer application (FTT).  Optimize disk-to-disk transfers.  Good results on trans-atlantic transfers.
      * Local dynamical path creation - one end host to another, to be used for data transfers.  Robust, can break paths and the application will find another.
      * Looking for user communities to partner with.
      * Working with IBM on high perf distrib storage.
      * Upcoming US LHC network meeting: Oct 23-25 at FNAL, focusing on Tier2, Tier2 and applications.
      * Will send out a note summarizing this.

   * US LHC WLCG Management Board- Ian Fisk (4 pm) 
      * Will upload slides post-meeting.
      * File transfer service issue.  EGEE has made it clear that FTS will be used.  Current model is that associated Tier1 will run a FTS on behalf of Tier2&#39;s.
         * CMS needs g-lite client tools installed on OSG sites.  Concerns about scalability of these services.
         * FTS - its job is to throttle transfers only, to control bandwidth at the site to/from other sites. 
         * Basic assumption is that Tier2 sites can connect to a specific FTS server (at Tier1), which limits the amount of data a T2 can ingest.
         * Issue needs to be taken offline. But need to look at implication of request for these client tools into VDT are for OSG.
         * Need to make sure CMS Tier2 sites on OSG can connect to Tier1 sites in EGEE.
         * Note there is an FTS workshop next week in Amsterdam.
      * Job prioritization
         * ATLAS has requested Physics groups (5-20) versus roles (more limited number).
         * Mail sent to site admins - concerns about how dynamic this can be.
         * Functionality needed on the OSG side to implement this (intra-VO scheduling).  Need to understand what we can support, and how can it evolve.
         * For US ATLAS, these requirements might be satisfied within Panda.
         * For US CMS, need to consider what granularity is needed, considering use of Resource Broker.
         * Miron - would like discourage OSG supporting intra-VO scheduling.
         * Revisit at a blueprint meeting.
      * Accounting
         * Important thing is that information collected through OSG accounting project is negotiated with WLCG folks.  This is happening.
      * Information system - important for CMS.  Ability for analysis submission infrastructure, RB direct submissions, automatic configuration was very useful for CMS.  (Technology: Glue schema through the BDII; GOC page points to site URLs of LDAP servers.)  


---++ Additional External Projects and technical contacts
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGEBExternalProjects.txt][OSGEBExternalProjects.txt]] - there are a large number of these.
   * Question is how to handle status reports for these projects, how to discuss them here in the EB.
   * Request for written reports to be uploaded in advance.  If they are not sent, assumed there is no report.
   * EB looked at the list - is it complete, do we agree?
      * DRM - used by STAR at LBL and BNL right now; being installed at other sites (Wayne State, eg.). 
   * Question about procedures for external projects:
      * What is process to declare an OSG external project?  
      * And then to revoke?
      * ED brings these issues to the EB&#39;s attention for approval, reported to Council.

---++ Trash/Engagement Program report - Alan, John
   * No report.

---++ Finance Board and Resources Managers report - Kent, Paul
   * Finance Board news
      * Kent reviewed membership of FB and , see mail sent to EB on Sept 30.
      * Meeting...?? (rwg- missed this)
      * Approval of plan by EB, will submit to Council.
   * Status of SOWs:
      * 12/15 have been posted on a website, see http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/.
      * Caltech&#39;s has received feedback from Resource managers.  
   * Going over Caltech SOW during the meeting.
   * Approval method (from Kent&#39;s email of Oct 5 to ET):
&lt;pre&gt;
Process Flow for Review and Approval of OSG SOW:
1) Ruth and Bakul iterate until ready to send Institutional PI/Technical Lead
   - Folds in statement of work from proposal, budget justification, WBS
2) Send to Institutional PI and Technical Lead if there are differences
3) Receive back from Institutional PI/Technical Lead with their approval
4) Send to Resources Managers for there review and approval, iterating
   if necessary
5) Resources Managers send to Executive Team
6) Executive Team receives SOW back from Executive Team
7) Resources Managers send to Wisconsin Contracts Office to gather all
   signatures.
8) SOW is signed and ready for attachment to sub-contracts
---
Sincerely,
Kent Blackburn &amp; Paul Avery
OSG co-Resources Managers
&lt;/pre&gt;
   * When FB is in place, they should get copies of this; as well as EB, and area coordinators of SOW.
   * Should add that step 7 includes review by the PI at UW, explicitly. 
   * Changes have been made to the boiler-plate, regarding frequency and collection of reports.
   * Note that VDT testing and integration report to Operations, not the application coordinators.

---++ Council Action Items that affect the EB  - Bill 
   * Science Advisory Group
      * No new names suggested since Consortium meeting in Seattle.
   * By-Laws
      * New draft to be circulated to Council in a couple of weeks. (Subcomittee still providing comments.)
   * Letters of Support
      * Conversation with the ED for how to better manage requests for letters or support.
      * Circulate drafts to the council.  Most have had to do with current issues in the program of work.
      * Bill will send a draft on what the general criteria should be.
   * Contacting BNL on GUMS
      * Bill will contact Jim Shank about BNL support for GUMS.

---++ EOT - Next Activity plan - Mike
   * Regrets from Mike.

---++ Security Plan - status and schedule - Don
   * From email: 
   * EGEE 06 -- gave talks stressing the OSG the kind of approach typicfied by the OSG Service AUP.  (rules about what you do, not matter your role).   The JSPG has nothing like a service AUP, which governs anyone who offeres a service.  Draft thnking that like the service AUP, we may need a &quot;use&quot; AUP.  and some sort of guidance for software that
      * gets invloved early in the lifecycel -- i.e extentions.
      * Appeals to the reputation of the software provider.
   *  Continued work on a securiy plan for core OSG.
   *  Bob C is at the Cert PMA meeting in Karlsruhe.
   *  GLexec was mentioned at EGEE06.

---+++ Concerns
   * Ops team sent update to all support centers using the Security list - which was delayed for two weeks.
   * This was a one-time Helpdesk issue that was fixed?
   * In general, there are very long delays generated by the listserve.  Perhaps this was a one-time event.

---++ OSG Agreements and Policies
   * Where we are at, what we need:   
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/NWICGOSGPartnership.doc][NWICGOSGPartnership.doc]]
   * Concerns about need for a compute and storage resource allocation policy and board.  Note there are technology needs for this as well. 
   * Can Bill and Kent read this and comment (NERSC and LIGO perspective)?
   * Ruth:
      * Can people look at this as something that can be reviewed by the Council?
      * And also, from the point of view of some of the longer-term issues discussed here.
      * Doug: will take to a security meeting.

---++ Status of Workplans - Ruth
   * WBS
      * There was a need to revise the schedule set at the beginning of the year.
      * Will define project baseline during Caltech face-to-face meeting, Dec 13-14.
      *  [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGHighLevelMilestones-V2.doc][OSGHighLevelMilestones-V2.doc]]
         * Are these the kind of milestones that DOE/NSF reviews will find acceptable?
         * Are these appropriate for driving the OSG?
         * Accounting - external project has sent a report. Expect to be in VDT for OSG 0.6.0, installed on all sites, have reporting capabilities that meet all our needs.  Has been sending reports for WLCG since March/April.  Need a meeting to review if the project is meeting our needs.
         * OSG-Teragrid based on same software release.  Has this been met?
         * Support for ATLAS and CMS data taking - Torre re-writing for ATLAS in terms of ATLAS validation.
         * ED expects these Year 1 high level milestones to have supporting text in the next month:
&lt;pre&gt;
Year 1:			
2006Q4	Project baseline review	RP
2006Q4	Deliver OSG Security Plan.	DP
2006Q4	Define  operational metrics for OSG Year 1	ML
2007Q1 	EGEE enabled to use VDT 1.3.11	AR
2007Q1	Release OSG software stack version 0.6.0	ML
2007Q1	Accounting reports available for users and resource owners.	
2007Q2	Production use of OSG by one additional science community. 	AB
2007Q2	OSG-TeraGrid: software releases based on same software base.	AR
2007Q2	Support for ATLAS and CMS data taking.
2007Q3	Meet operational metrics for OSG Year 1	ML
2007Q3	1 year Project Review.	RP
&lt;/pre&gt;
   * Year 1 plan
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Troubleshooting_Planning_V0.5.doc][OSG_Troubleshooting_Planning_V0.5.doc]]
         * Bakul has been pulling information together from various sources; rough at the moment.
         * Would like to get SOW completed, within 8 days, and the focus on the project plan.
      * 9/14/06 state of the  [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGProjectPlan.doc][OSGProjectPlan.doc]]
   * OISE : [[%ATTACHURL%/OISEDeliverables.doc][OISEDeliverables.doc]]
      * Three parts: infoservices, interop of science apps, training.
      * Workshop will focus on service discovery (not Glue schema) - ths is the workshop on Information Services with NorduGrid and EGEE in Copenhagen Dec 12-13 Year1Q1.

---++ Troubleshooting
   * See plan put together by Shaowen.
   * Ruth went over the FTE assignments.
   * Leigh and Rob to go over the plan, report back for Thursday&#39;s EB meeting.

---++ Publications and science benefits -- how are we going to define these - All
   * Metrics Working Group and Worker? 
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/Metrics.doc][Metrics.doc]]
   * Bill: there is a document under review by OSCAR regarding metrics, would be a good place to start viewing OSG as a facility.
   * Would like to setup a working group for this in OSG.  
   * Miron - we are building this infrastructure now with the accounting system.
   * There are problems defining the metrics - such as the available archival storage, which may be VO-owned, but accessible via OSG.
   * Central issue is not only definition (such as was grid infrastructure involved, eg. gridftp from the OSG software stack), but trusting the information.
   * An example is data transfer - taken from the application/VO supplied data management services.
   * ED is looking for the person to do get this organized, defined, and how they would be collected and reported.  Need to deliver by end of Q3 next year.
   
---++ Status of the Infrastructure
   * There has been a VO (Gridchem) that has registered (from U of Kentucky) that has not moved forward through operations.  Need a liaison.  Not sure they need OSG - might close out request.  Ruth will follow-up.
   * NTU removed, and another FNAL-related one (didn&#39;t get name).

---++ AOB
   * Next EB Meeting - face to face, Caltech 12/13-14/2006.
   * Next Consortium meeting: March 5, 2007, at SDSC.  
      * Joint OSG-EGEE operations meeting - Rob Q working with Massie on this.
   * After that, Consortium meeting six months later at Wisconsin. 
   * Other meetings:
      * Jan 22 WLCG joint operations meeting
   * Miron is talking to the joint oversight group of LCG on behalf of OSG.  Request was for milestones for Year 1, plus the three phases in the proposal.


-- Main.RuthPordes 

