OSG Executive Team Meeting, July 5th , 2007

%TOC%


Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437

---+ Agenda &amp; Meeting Notes
Attending: Paul Avery, Doug Olson, Rob Quick, Miron Livny, &amp; Chander Sehgal

---++ Project Issues 
   * Status of submissions of Year 2 plan effort/descriptions to Chander - Chander provided status; inputs have been received from Ted Hesselroth, Ruth, Don Petravick, and Shaowen.  Reminders sent to the rest of the team by Chander on July 5.  
   * CI-team proposal - no update
   * Sign off on APAC agreement - The draft letter and agreement were reviewed.  Miron does not see any issues (just wanted to be sure that VDT support is best effort; and that is covered in the letter/agreement).  Thanks to Ruth for pushing this to completion.
   * Organizing response to SAG - Miron suggested that we should ask Bill Kramer how we can support him in doing this; what does he see as the issues that need response.  Then we can parse these and assign to ET members for creating responses.  Miron asked Chander to assist Bill in working the responses.
   * Anything we want on the agenda for the Council phone meeting next week - We need a read-out on the Science goals for OSG year2.  Also, we should report on SAG meeting and follow-up plan.
   * goals/scope of EGEE/TG - OSG/ET meeting at CHEP on Thur 6th Sept; preparation meeting 10 am Chicago July 24th - no update

---++ Report from Facility meeting
   * Any action items needed for OSG 0.6.0 upgrades - Currently at about 75% upgraded.  Miron has asked Rob Q to push the remaining sites; waiting for a list from Rob Q for sites that require special attention.  At that point we may have to consider how we want to handle sites that are not upgraded; especially those that are on very old software releases.  
   * Action items for VDT / OSG 0.8.0 - Miron reported that the middleware team is working hard to get this completed.  No external dependencies holding them up; just a lot of hard work ahead.
   * Site availability WLCG reporting; any remaining issues - Process is moving along; Rob Quick provided status.
   * Troubleshooting issues - no update
   * Any questions on site administrators meeting - We have about 30 sites signed up as of now.


---++ Applications / Extensions
   * Proposed collaboration between VO services project, EGEE, Globus - no update
   * OSG VO applications - no update
   * Any questions on users meeting - As of this morning, we have active email dialog between Chris Green, Penelope, and Alain to work out the logistics.

---++




-- Main.RuthPordes - 04 Jul 2007
