%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Minutes September 13, 2005
Tuesday 2:30pm Central
Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attendees: Alan, Doug, RobQ, Leigh, Stan, Lisa, Jason

---++Joint OSG-EGEE Operations Workshop

   * Agenda: http://agenda.cern.ch/fullAgenda.php?ida=a054670
   * Lisa is covering Fabric Management Session.
   * Bockjoo will be doing remote presentation support for app managers.
   * Operations Stuff OSG Metrics
   * Metrics: GridCat, Site Status Reporting, site_verify stuff John R did. How do we demonstate reliable robust services? CMS verification process. SFT test application.
   * Lisa and Jason will be at Fabric Mgmt, Leigh and Rob at the Operations, Doug at User Support 

---++Operations Topics
---+++Registration DB Update

   * Update of sync is done, all contacts are now from DB.
   * Should the vital information entries in gums.template, edg-mkmapfile.osg, and vomses files be located in DB? Stay with privilege URL. When we move into the Prima/GUMS schema all we can do is offer templates.

---+++SOP Review and Update

   * When should these be moved into Mambo site? Should they be moved? Not necessary to put on Mambo site. Future agenda item: how to turn twiki pages to static pages.
   * Rob is writing Critical Update SOP. What is critical and what is not critial? 
   * In the current example it is reporting VO jobs to Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA. 
   * *Critical - is security issue or something that causes service failure or site outages on multiple sites.* 
   * Ask for volunteers from the ITB group to do critical testing.
   * Difference between critical and urgent.

   * DES VO has been registered Doug will start the process by sending to IEB.

---++Community Support Topics
---+++Meeting tomorrow at 1:30PM
---++Other Topics

   * Meeting next week during OSG/EGEE meeting? *No!*

-- Main.RobQ - 20 Sep 2005
