---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Oct21][October 21]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

Chris:  The final RC for v1.06 has been on the Fermi System and all will go smoothly and the OSG collectors will be install tomorrow.

---+Services Operation

Dan: All normal.   New hardware is coming on slowly.

Chris: A few hiccups in the replication from Fermi-transfer to Osg-transfer let to apparently missing information about the CMS tier1.   The issues are fixed by the latest release candidate.

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

Brian: Nothing new.

Brian: OSG is moving forward with the changes we requested from configure Gratia.

---+WLCG 

Nothing new.

---+Fermi/CD

Nothing new.

---+Developments

---++BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

No news (They are &quot;working on it&quot;).

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Karthik:  As as I am concerned the Data Transfer report is done (except for not issuing as XML).

Brian: Can you resend a sample report for final approval.

Karthik: I am combing through the efficiency reports.  (I have been on vacation the last few days).

Karthik: I will also get to the installation documentation sometime soon.


Brian: I would like to have the &#39;Hadoop&#39; report to be incorporate in Gratia proper.
There is 3 storage target (Hadoop, DCache and posix).    The posix storage probe
still needs to be written.

Karthik:  We have GPFS storage element which could work.

---++FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

Nothing new.

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

Philippe:  Chris will soon send you instruction on using the Gratia development machines.

Aaron: Finally got certificate but it needs a static IP, still working through making it work.
So for the time being, I will focus on getting to work both here and at Fermi.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
