---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2007Oct17][October 17]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * Kathik.

---++Apologies
   * TBA.

&lt;!--

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

+ Philippe and Chris to download old RawXML file and to archive
+ Steve: Where to put the RawXML archive for now?

The RawXML was downloaded and put in a backup partition.  We started removing the old records.

+ Where to put the long term incoming message (aka raw xml) for long term storage.

Still don&#39;t know.

+ Will help Penelope to setup her WRQ Reflection to handle multiple node using the same home directory.

This is done.

---++Status of the release.

Chris: Getting very close.  Need to fix a discrepancy between summary query and full queries. 
(issue with record for canceled jobs from PBS, issue with date comparison).  This solved 
by fixes in the stored procedure.

Chris: The show query is now enabled for all reports and drill through.

Jeff: The reports are also go to go.

Chris: There maybe some issue with foot (re)sizing.

Penelope: We still are using the IFrame for this release due to a bug in Internet Explorer 7 when using frame or css.

John: The build file are updated.  I will start testing the report next.  I will also test uploading of condor and pbs record.

Chris: We need a coherent testing regime.

Philippe: Yes, John is working on it.

Action: Chris will explicit his request to John via email/document.

Philippe: To give proper time for John to test, the release should be tagged on Monday.

---++DB and Schema issues

---++Collector/Report development

---++Probes

Chris/Jeff: DCache data, Tanya is looking into whether dcache is acquiring the data Kathik wants.

---++Storage Probe

---++Test Bed

---++Metrics

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

We need to review how we deal with canceled jobs.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 04 Oct 2007
