---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Chander, Shawn, Gabriele, Tim C., Tim T., Brian, Rob G., Clemmie, Mine, Rob Q.


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.


---++ Tim Cartwright - Software

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 3 December 2014:

   * *HTCondor CE.* Continued to make many small- to medium-sized enhancements and fixes; added the CE Collector and the !ClassAd attributes that are reported up to it
   * *RSV perfSONAR probe.* Completed a 1.0.0 release, and continued to make many changes leading toward a stable and performant production version
   * *EL 7.* Completed most remaining builds, except for the Java packages with complex dependency trees and Maven builds
   * *IPv6 evaluation.* Completed !XRootD evaluation, reviewed and settled on methodology, began testing in earnest
   * *Globus Toolkit 6.* Updated all Globus Toolkit packages to latest EPEL versions, fixed a few minor issues (including one bug fix, sent upstream), and completed developer testing; scheduled for release in March
   * *Software updates.* Handled a few urgent updates that were forced by dropped SSL support, changes to EPEL packages, and bugs in HTCondor; plus routine updates (Frontier Squid, VOMS)
   * *Scalability.* Complete initial round of HTCondor&amp;nbsp;CE testing, hitting 18K concurrent running jobs on a single CE
   * *GUMS.* Continued to make small enhancements, fix bugs, and investigate issues
   * *OSG 3.3.* Started design &amp;ndash; drop EL 5, add EL 7, add HTCondor 8.4 (once available), drop stale software; still more to plan
   * *Infrastructure.* Upgraded OS on the UW–Madison Koji build host
   * *Documentation.* Completed review and initial triage of all Release3 area documents; continued honing HTCondor&amp;nbsp;CE documentation based on feedback from site administrators


---+++ Key Initiatives

*HTCondor CE*
   * Winding down, but there continues to be a very long tail of steady work
   * Still need a solid conceptual overview document
   * Still need ATLAS installs and any associated tweaks
   * Still need LSF and SGE installs and any associated tweaks; now have OU and Colorado working actively
   * Will deliver a training session on Thursday morning of the OSG All-Hands Meeting

*StashCache*
   * New high-profile project for OSG
   * The Software team has some significant development tasks to complete
      * Create a shim so that HTCondor can control !XRootD
      * Add reporting of !XRootD attributes back to the central CE Collector
      * Modify the CE Collector configuration to accept updates from all CEs
   * Likely will be involved in packaging updates (as needed), integration, testing, etc.
   * Plus whatever long tail falls on us

*OSG 3.3 rollout*
   * We need to complete the design for major changes
      * May design better meta-packages to support a distinction between straightforward and more complex sites
   * We still need to create tools to (help) rebuild *all* packages, which we did not do for OSG 3.2 but will do this time
   * Aiming for April–June release of 3.3.0; April is rather optimistic at this point

*IPv6 evaluation*
   * Finally started! (8 months late?)

*RSV probe for job submission*
   * Finally started
   * Small-ish effort
   * Iterative design &amp;ndash; see what is easy, possible, useful, etc., as we go


---+++ Concerns

*Backlog*
   * The backlog of useful work is still significant
   * We track progress and despite a few downward jumps, incoming ticket rate slightly exceeds completion rate
   * Some projects, including important ones like documentation and setting up our Madison ITB site, are wholly starved of effort

&lt;img src=&quot;%ATTACHURLPATH%/image.png&quot; alt=&quot;OSG Software JIRA tickets&quot; width=&#39;600&#39; height=&#39;371&#39; /&gt;

*Prototype vs. production*
   * Software team gets some software components (etc.) that are more prototype than production
   * Need to identify such components before or when they arrive
   * Need room to (a) declare initial releases and prototypes, betas, whatever, and (b) harden the prototype into production-grade software

*Documentation*
   * Started, not much progress
   * Limited staff who can contribute, at least in critical ways; !TimC very much starved of effort lately (and no signs of improvement)


---++ Tim Theisen - Release

   * *Releases*
      * Since December 3rd
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3142][3.1.42]] !MyProxy 5.9, VO Package V58, IGTF 1.61
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3218][3.2.18]] !MyProxy 5.9, !HTCondor CE 1.8, HTCondor 8.2.4, GUMS 1.4.1, Gratia probes, VO Package V58, IGTF 1.61, HTCondor 8.3.1 in upcoming, several other minor bug fixes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3143][3.1.43]] TLS support in !MyProxy 5.9 and globus-gram-client
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3219][3.2.19]] !HTCondor CE 1.9, HTCondor 8.2.6, BLAHP, VOMS 2.0.12 passthru, !XRooD security module, HTCondor 8.3.2 in upcoming, rsv-perfsonar 1.0.0, frontier-sqid 2.7STABLE9-21.1, TLS support in egd-mkgridmap, !MyProxy 5.9 and globus-gram-client
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3144][3.1.44]] TLS support in egd-mkgridmap, HTCondor 7.8.8 security patches
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3220][3.2.20]] HTCondor CE reports to BDII, HTCondor 8.2.7, !GlideinWMS 3.2.8, oasis-config contains egi.eu, osg-configure 1.0.67, gratia-probe 1.13.31, GUMS 1.4.2, RSV 3.7.22

   * High-Priority Releases: None

   * Defects found in testing
      * 2 in December
      * 0 in January
      * 1 in February

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * Testing Procedures
      * Recording testing done in the ticket
         * Good idea of what is tested
         * Can look back and repeat the testing
         * Opportunities to collect/augment testing recipes

   * Testing Recipes
      * Linked into Component web page
         * Coverage visible at a glance

   * ITB instance in Madison

   * Working on a plan to involve ITB sites in testing

   * Collecting effectiveness metrics

   * Defects found during testing: &lt;br /&gt;
     &lt;img src=&quot;%ATTACHURLPATH%/Rework2.png&quot; alt=&quot;Rework2.png&quot; width=&#39;804&#39; height=&#39;508&#39; /&gt;    


---+++ Top Concerns

   * ITB Instance
      * Work on this is being slowed by other distractions

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. HTCondor CE: the technical work is converging; focusing on training and supporting new installations.
   2. StashCache: focusing on integration and automated testing.
   3. OSG 3.3 roll out: still designing changes; aiming release for April.
   4. Starting now long-standing projects: IPv6 evaluation and RSV probe for job submission.
   5. Developing testing procedures and recipes for release management
 
Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Backlog is still significant: important projects e.g. documentation and ITB @ Madison starved for effort.
   2. Internal friction on exposing users to products at different level of maturity: balance between stability vs. discovery of defects by the community.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Steady progress on stabilizing / releasing several components (HTCondor-CE, EL7, GT6, GUMS, etc.)
   2. 6 releases in 3 months. 3 defects found.



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 06 Feb 2015

