---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 14-May-2012

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Roy, Alain
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Zhao, Xin

---++ State of support tickets
| &lt;b&gt;On triage duty this week:&lt;/b&gt; | 12 |
| &lt;b&gt;On triage duty next week:&lt;/b&gt; | Doug Strain |
| &lt;b&gt;Open tickets:&lt;/b&gt; | Suchandra Thapa |

---++ Final plan for OSG 3.1.2

   * globus-gram-job-manager-13.35-0.4.osg
   * globus-gram-protocol-11.2-3.1.osg
   * globus-gssapi-gsi-10.7-2.osg
   * gratia-service-1.12-4.osg
   * gridftp-hdfs-0.5.3-5.osg
   * osg-system-profiler-1.0.9-1.osg
   * osg-test-1.1.1-1.osg

Release tomorrow.

---++ State of Bestman collaboration

A while back, we decided to have a Bestman subversion branch for OSG, then Alex would approve things and move them into the trunk. That&#39;s what Doug did for a while. His changes mostly affected the script wrappers (not the Java code). Alex was worried that this might affect the non-OSG use cases, so he proposed splitting the script wrappers for the OSG. This is what Alex did and it&#39;s the current state of the subversion repository. Doug has updated the build scripts to work with the new repo layout. 

We worry that the same thing will happen when we make changes to the Java code. But he&#39;s accepted a small Java code in the past. So we&#39;ll live with the new repo structure.

Doug has a release candidate, we&#39;re not far from being done. Alain says we should get Bestman releaseable so that if we have to release it, we can. 

Brian asked about scary unknown dependencies. Doug says we should investigate GUMS and solve it. Alain said we should get it released before we work on more dependencies. 

---++ Status Reports

   * *Doug*: See Bestman above. Working on various support. Worked on !GridFTP-HDFS. Things to work on: Xrootd 3.2.1, Bestman release with fixed dependencies.  Brian talked about Xrootd challenges: CMS wants 3.2.1, but there is something broken in it, so ATLAS might not want it. Doug will touch base with ATLAS to understand their needs.
   * *Mat*: Out two days last week. Been working on support tickets. Working on problems with testing infrastructure on RHEL 5 &amp; 6.  Lots of little things, such as RHEL 6 doesn&#39;t come with mail, and missing yum priorities. Things to work on: improved tested reporting (it&#39;s not very usable right now). 
   * *Neha*: Gone half of last week. Didn&#39;t do anything last week for software. Have been extending set of Bestman tests by adding srm-copy (in addition to the existing srm-ping). Wants more work assigned to her. 
   * *Scot*: Back more on software now that he&#39;s done with class. Haven&#39;t done much OSG Software in the last week but did some support. Things to do: Nothing urgent, a few RSV things. 
   * *Suchandra*: Working on osg-test to get Torque tested. Currently it&#39;s working except for a configuration issue with the PBS gatekeeper (not detecting completed jobs). It&#39;s been slow to test because when his tests hang (which they are), and he hits control-c, he doesn&#39;t get the test cleanup and has to start all over. Helped Iwona with GIP on an SE, had issues with ownership of tomcat&#39;s log file. [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-558][SOFTWARE-558]]  Things to do: Expand osg-configure to things beside the CE? 
   * *Tim*: Very little time for software team stuff. Pushed out osg-test 1.1.1. Things to work on related to osg-test.
   * *Xin*: Gatekeeper is upgraded to 3.1.1 Worker nodes are RHEL 6 now. ATLAS jobs cannot run on RHEL 6 yet. Have 8 worker nodes, 2 are RHEL 6. Two gatekeepers in front of those two nodes. 
