



-- Main.DanFraser - 19 May 2009
---++ Action Items:
   * Next meeting Wed May 20 at 10:00 FNAL 9th floor NE conference center.
      * Will try this timing for awhile
   * Need to define a process for how to proceed
   * Doug to report on upcoming Atlas T3 meeting.
   * Have Brian B can attend a future meeting and answer questions on Hadoop FS

---++ Attendees: 
   * Michael Ernst, Rob Snihur, Marco Mambelli, Rob Gardner, Doug Benjamin, Tanya Levshina, Dan Fraser

---++ Notes:
   * T3 &quot;grid in a box&quot; (Doug&#39;s wording) sounds like a good direction to start
   * Most promising T3 stack looks like BeStMan + Xrootd but there are questions:
      * CMS already using this stack
      * Will limitations of unique filenames impact CMS?
      * Tanya noted that Xrootd has no monitoring and is difficult to troubleshoot
   * BeStMan + Hadoop could be a secondary package but still lots of questions.
      * Unlikely this could be tested by Atlas before LHC comes online again  in fall.
   * A testbed where sample T3s can be setup and tested by both CMS and Atlas may be helpful
   * 
