---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Adobe Connect http://osg.adobeconnect.com/council/
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 8403921
   * Date: Tuesday May 8th 2012
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Acceptance of last months minutes from [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/April-10-2012][April 10 Teleconference]]
   * Date of next meeting: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/June-12-2012][June 12 Teleconference]] (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)


   * Goal to have &lt;=30mins business and =&gt;30 mins discussion.

   * Attending: Lothar Bauerdick, Chander Sehgal, Von Welch, Ruth Pordes, Rick Snider, Miron Livny, Brad Abbott, Horst Severini, Vicky White, Steve Tuecke, Bill Barnett, Tom Hacker, Jerome Lauret, Ken Bloom, Bob Clare, David Swanson
   * Regrets:  Michael Ernst, Greg Bell, Paul Avery, Richard Mount, Patrick Brady, Piotr Sliz

NOTES: So far use of Adobe Connect seems OK.


---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ From the Council Chair
   *  Announcements
      * Waiting for the plaques for Paul and Rick - their delay does not affect our sincere appreciation of their service.

%BLUE% Vendor is moving forward with this again after an unanticipated delay - David Swanson.

%ENDCOLOR%

      * Resolution of the AHM funding question - Bill Barnett, Rob Quick

%BLUE% Rob currently has copy of the agreement document (which is being finalized to address previous OSG concerns) and will push forward. He will try to have the agreement finalized as soon as possible.  –Bill Barnet.

%ENDCOLOR%

      * Changes to the [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/New][Council membership list]] 

         * Welcome new member for ESNET - Greg Bell
%BLUE%  Replaces Bill Johnston.

%ENDCOLOR%

         * Discussion Tevatron rep - merging CDF and D0
%BLUE% Merging into a single representative. Brad &amp; Rick in discussion on how to organize this.

%ENDCOLOR%

         * US ATLAS discussing replacement for Howard Gordon as Michael&#39;s secondary.
%BLUE% Howard Gordon stepped down, discussions under way regarding replacement to join Michael.

%ENDCOLOR%

         * Exploring secondary for SLAC

%BLUE% Ruth talked to Richard and Amber regarding a secondary. 
%ENDCOLOR%


         * Pending talking to LIGO -  Patrick has a family emergency.

%BLUE% According to bylaws, given inability to attend meetings during a defined period, a replacement may be necessary. Patrick is not accessible at the moment to discuss.

%ENDCOLOR%


         * Discussing with Rick Snider to help better define, and at, on &quot;At large VO&quot; representation.

%BLUE% Looking at definition, expectations, nothing new to report right now.

%ENDCOLOR%


   *  Doodle poll for the August face-to-face in Chicago http://www.doodle.com/iuw4ze2awvcfuz2y. Expect this to start after lunch on first day and finish at lunch on 2nd day with possible 1/2 day discussion meetings before and after.
%BLUE% Council members please fill out the Doodle poll as soon as possible.

%ENDCOLOR%


   *  Report from speaking to the Council members, [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/May-8-2012/Value_and_Role_of_the_Council.docx][&quot;Value of the Council&quot;]]
%BLUE% 
Items are grouped into broad categories. The asterisked items denote things Ruth will follow up on in the near term. Ruth can accept new input and add to this document.

 What was learned from this exercise is that people are very committed to contribute, OSG is thought of as a good forum for communications, community, collaboration.  Interest was expressed in strategic objectives and the activity path of the council and the future of the OSG consortium as an organization. Respondents want to do things together, as it provides value in the broader ecosystem of OSG. Strong interest in having more in depth discussion of OSG strategic issues at council meetings and in reaching out to new communities.


%ENDCOLOR%


   *  Status of [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]]

%BLUE% Not reviewed this week.

%ENDCOLOR%

   *  Picking up on the Strategic Plan. 
      * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=25&amp;extension=pdf][Charter]]
      * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=1086&amp;extension=pdf][Strategic Accomplishments and Lessons Learned]]
      * How to complete Strategic Plan?


%BLUE% Discussion item for this week—Lothar will work with Ruth on Strategic plan and with Miron. Council can contact Ruth offline with an interest to contribute and help with this effort.

%ENDCOLOR%

     
---+++  Standing Items from the OSG Project

   *  Report from OSG Executive Director - Lothar Bauerdick

%BLUE% 
1. OSG at Condor week

2. Networking activity discussions in OSG

3. ID Management


Talks from Dan Frasier’s talk and Marco. Will Put talk in docdb- overview of OSG.

Kevin Thompson NSF Q’s- how increase resources—indiv. Stakeholders providing resources locally. Strategy in this regard, how is this going to grow. –Council to think about/ provide input.

Discussion from exec team- network monitoring, how to keep up on monitoring of networking. Existing low level networking monitoring. Make this research available to others.

Identity management- meetings held

Follow up with be with XSEDE in early June-discuss short term collaboration on certification authority.

Project office- work plan for year 1—plans of different areas, to area co-ord and PI’s, will happen in the next weeks. July OSG meeting to finalize those plans. 

Communications- what are the technical needs, doing well enough? Web pages, twiki pages- providing content. Do not have editor, designer. Do we need something flashier, more PR oriented? 

%ENDCOLOR%


OSG as XSEDE SP status update - Chander Sehgal 


%ENDCOLOR%

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_for_Council_on_8may2012.pdf][OSG as XSEDE SP status update]] - Chander Sehgal
%BLUE% OSG user support started tracking April 1.- See Chander’s notes for further detail. Mats Rynge will attend the next RAC meeting in Knoxville.

%ENDCOLOR%


   * OSG CA status - Von Welch
%BLUE% Please reference: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/DigiCertPlanningDevAndImplementation

Decision made in February to use DigiCert authority- an OSG front end for cert. requests and retaining history of what certs have been requested and authorized. 

OSG PKI work in final stages of planning phase (getting documents done, ironing out technical details) - ends May 18th 

Technical plans for new OIM based front end and contractual arrangements with DigiCert Dev and deploy phase is Oct 1- begin transition of users outside of technical staff to receive new certificates. Estimated starting point for when these renewals start migrating. Won’t be required until current certificate expires.

Goal to have a replacement PKI for DOE grids by Jan 2013.

June meeting with XSEDE to explore – more informal discussion as they go through their planning process for a possible PKI.

More communications and detail will occur closer to the transition. 


%ENDCOLOR%


---+++ More In Depth Discussion
   * Status of Globus/CDIGS support  - Steve Tuecke, MIron Livny, Ruth Pordes
%BLUE% Steve stated that nothing has changed from GLOBUS side- 1 or 2 months ago. Funding from NSF for GLOBUS toolkit will expire in July/Aug. NSF funding is a ¼ of a person related to XSEDE work. Ongoing discussion occurring with NSF re: what’s needed, who’s using it -otherwise nothing new to report.

Evaluating need and costs associated with this from OSG’s perspective would be a good next step

Miron: GRAM interface -where are we heading given glideinWMS pilot approach we are taking?

Given GRIDFTP is part of GLOBUS online, where are the boundaries on this as we move forward? GLOBUS funding is to build new GLOBUS online functionality. Supporting broader community is what’s missing.

If there’s no funding, does GRID FTP go away? Switch to using GLOBUS online clients? Come up with a plan that makes sense.

OSG has a process that we follow when situations like this arise. (Limited funding for software providers)- we used this for Bestman.

Have to provide the right service to the software provider as well as to address needs of our users. OSG considered as a resource for the funding agencies in this regard.

Current support and associated resources exhaust roughly at the end of July (Steve)


%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ OSG Satellites 

   * In flight Proposals:
      * New ASCR proposal - Miron Livny

%BLUE% dV/Dt Proposal was successfully submitted. “…Accelerating the Transition to Extreme Scale Collaborative Computing”.

Coming up with new framework/ ideas and prototyping them and trying them out to scale, no promise to create as tools, responsibility of software providers to bring into their tools, a theme of 4 universitys and 1 DOE lab- Notre Dame- resp. for data aspect, Univ. of SO Cal ISI – resp. for planning, UCSD Frank leading this effort to be resp. for prototyping and testing on OSG and includes Argonne leadership facility with Bill Alcock resp. for facility, U of WI, faculty resp. for networking and Bob Miller leading trust activity, Miron involved with processing- emphasis on bringing data and networking into a planning process in acquiring resources on the fly. 1 Programmer at ND helping to build the prototype. 

Put in a small req. in budget to buy cycles out of Amazon- acquire resources not only on OSG or Argonne but how on the fly we can acquire resources in the cloud (Amazon) Budget is 1.2 a year- shouldn’t expect full budget. 

Proposal that came out of Argonne and APS- has an OSG component- Steve T- APS is looking at adding some compute stuff- we’re proposing a condor- based process- can leverage/ gather compute facilities out there, interesting interactions with OSG downstream.


%ENDCOLOR%


      * XROOTD proposal - Richard Mount
%BLUE% Richard will present at another meeting. Satellite- agreed that it is a satellite in dialogue before proposal submitted.



%ENDCOLOR%


      * iSGTW - Paul Avery

%BLUE%
 “Sustaining and Strengthening US Desk for ISGTW this week” proposal submitted to NSF Friday morning, May 4. Paul worked with Bill at IN on this.

Budget just under $150K for the first year because of a favorable IDC rate on the position. 

Goal of US position is to develop and write pieces that demonstrate strength of OSG, target science community that doesn’t use OSG yet, funding agencies, work with European editor (editor in Chief) and desk in Asia. 
In addition, in operations budget proposal for renewal, a .25 person will be working OSG Communications stationed in Communications office at Indiana. 

Managing editor role would come out of Europe, US would be contributing role at IN.  No change in the agreement to the profile of articles.

Management of editorial group- with the European office including relationship between European and Asian desks. Travel money from IN in budget to work with all partners. 

Current US desk editor leaves the 18th of June. 

%ENDCOLOR%


---+++ International Outreach
   * Ghana Grid School  - Horst Severini
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/ASP2012-OSG-Council.pdf][ASP2012-OSG-Council.pdf]]: Ghana Grid School update

%BLUE% Webpage: http://www.cern.ch/asp/

Main Africa school of physics progressing well. DOSAR meeting this Thursday to discuss details.

Alan Roy, Rob Quick and Tanya are part of the planning. All three are part of the traveling team.

NSS- to cover 80-85% of travel.


%ENDCOLOR%



---+++ Virtual Organization Reports to the Council 
   * VO of the month: none this month.
   * Issues gathered: 
 

---+++ AOB
   * 

---++++Action Items:  
1.  Council members please fill out the Doodle poll regarding the proposed August Face-to-Face dates.

2. Regarding status of Globus/CDIGS support: Close the past action item to write a letter of support.  Instead, work with project and set up a process similar to that of Bestman, and report back to council in a couple of months regarding this. (Ruth, Steve, Miron, Lothar)

3. Ruth will go over definition and process for developing a Satellite from the twiki with Jerome.



%COMMENT{type=&quot;tableappend&quot;}%

%STOPINCLUDE% 

-- Main.RuthPordes May 2012

