-
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---++ Meeting Coordinates

Date: Thursday, Sept 25

Time: noon Central

Tel: 510-665-5437

ID: 1111

Attendees: Chander, Jim, Maxim, Rob Q, Tanya, Ted, Alain, Brian, Abhishek, Britta, Alina, Anne, Sebastien, Rob G
---++ Agenda
   * Feedback on the current Area Coordinators meeting process 
&lt;blockquote&gt;

%GREEN%More frequent and shorter presentation were the preference%ENDCOLOR%
&lt;/blockquote&gt;

   * Possibly different time for this meeting starting October 2008 
      1 Wednesdays 3:00pm central time 
      1 Wednesdays 1:00pm central time 
      1 Mondays 3:00pm central time 
&lt;blockquote&gt;

%GREEN%We decided to leave the meeting time unchanged%ENDCOLOR%
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
   * Closure plan for year2 WBS - action needed by Area Coordinators 
      * By October 10, provide status for each item in your area 
      * All items in your area not just WBS items with your name; 
      * Either item is complete (100%) or 
      * For incomplete items; recommend disposition 
         * Cancel/terminate because work is no longer relevant (provide reason in comment field) 
         * Carry this item into year3 (provide a statement in comment field and provide a new date target) 

   * Draft year3 WBS, staffing plan, and new organizational structure is stable and will drive the SOW generation 
&lt;blockquote&gt;

[[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=781]]
&lt;/blockquote&gt;

   * Changes in how we do PI and Area reports in year3 
      * No quarterly PI work progress reports; but we must have quarterly financial status from each institution 
      * Area Coordinator reports in early Dec and early June as critical input to DOE and NSF annual reports 

   * How to manage special projects (GRAM4 characterization, LCG-Utils, BDII robustness, etc.) 
      * Many projects are started in the year as a result of requests from stakeholders 
      * Tend to be a few weeks in duration 
      * Need a good way to keep visibility and log of this work for agency and stakeholder recognition of OSG 
      * Need 2-3 volunteers to help project manager define how best to track/manage these projects 
&lt;blockquote&gt;

%GREEN%Chander to contact Anne, Britta, Rob G, Rob Q, and Abhishek to form a working group %ENDCOLOR%
&lt;/blockquote&gt;

   * Summary of plan for year3 SOWs 
      * Ready to start writing next week; but we are about 3-4 weeks behind schedule 
      * If some institution has a pressing financial need, let me know and we&#39;ll prioritize those earlier 
      * We will ask for &quot;Concurrence&quot; approval from the line managers of staff in addition to Institutional PI sign-off; insure recognition of the work done by staff on OSG 

   * Getting ready for the next NSF-DOE review in early 2009 ( either Jan 14-16 or Feb 11-13); stay tuned for more information 

   * Other topics for discussion 

- Main.ChanderSehgal - 18 Sep 2008
