---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim 
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Abhishek Rana (report) 

---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
 gridwork cluster upgrade with dCache 1.9.2.4 (Neha)
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Neha upgraded gridwork cluster and have written the doc for upgrade.
Tanya will start running the tests first, then verify upgrade documentation. We will ask Steve Timm to upgrade Fermi ITB.
If everything goes smoothly we will be able to release it to VDT by April 3d.


---++ Second Agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tool chest release (Abhishek)
 

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Abhishek&#39;s report:

After the campus security incident at a desktop here, we have not been
able to fully establish the build/development testbed again yet. As soon
as it is back again, we will work on the completion of operations
toolkit release.


---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
ITB Testing

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Documentation is done, Tanya didn&#39;t know if anybody in ITB has enabled gratia probes for gridftp transfer. Suchandra has some problems with hit ITB dCache installation - ticket has been opened.

---++ Fourth agends item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Status of ACL implementation in dCache 
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Ruth has mentioned the discussion with Ian Fisk and his interest in ACL support in dcache. 
Ted doesn&#39;t have any information. Based on the previous discussions it looks like ACL will be supported only in Chimera.
Tanya will talk to Gerd and Patrick to clarify that.

---++ Fifth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;


++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

6612 - Bestman - directory deletion

6613 - Bestman - question about xrootd monitoring

6614 - dCache - question about push/pull mode


++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress: 

6570 - dCache - Retry Num/Timeout settings for Postgres DB

6576 - Bestman - srm-copy from HDFS to dCache questions

6577 - dCache - 2 Bestman tests timing out against dCache based SE

6578 - Bestman - incorrect mapping of users

6387 - Bestman - Missing options in vdt configure_bestman script

6420 - dCache - Intermittent failures in storage probes

6571 -  Bestman - xrootd fails &#39;touch&#39; command; reports inconsistent file list

6423 - dCache - dccp hangs in cache_open/data_hello_conversation/poll


No update:

6569 - dCache /Bestman- Inquiry about SEs on OSG

6422 - dCache - lcg-cp hung for 8+ hours

6421 - dCache - SRM logs: &quot;user parameters...have changed&quot;

6572 -  dCache - postgres errors from &#39;pnfs register&#39; 

---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 27 Mar 2009
