---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Wednesday, June 1st , 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. &amp; Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees
Igor Sfiligoi, Rob Quick, Alain Roy, Marco Mambelli, Suchandra Thapa, Tanya Levshina, Brian Bockelman, Chander Sehgal, Dan Fraser

---++ Agenda

   * 1.1 Software - Alain Roy, Tanya Levshina

   * 1.2 Operations - Rob Quick

   * 1.3 Integration - Rob Gardner, Suchandra Thapa

   * 1.5 Engagement - _John McGee - no report_

   * Any New Business - All

---++ 1.1 Software

We last presented at the [[20110323AgendaMinutes][March 23, 2011]] Area Coordinator Meeting.

---+++ What is running significantly late and thus needs attention 

   * Our work on CREAM (WBS) 1.1.4.1  is running late, but we&#39;ve made significant progress recently. We&#39;ve progressed from &quot;completely stuck, no progress&quot;, to &quot;basic Pacman installation working, nearly ready to give to John Hover for early testing&quot;. We are giving it the attention it needs.
   * WBS Item 1.1.4.3, VOMS Admin upgrade: This is running behind, and various needs (from VOMRS developers and Security Coordinator) raise the priority of this. We are evaluating it now and expect action soon. 

---+++ What WBS items have been completed 

No WBS items have been completed. Some project have been completed since we last presented, including:

   * [[/SoftwareTeam/XrootdRPMPhase1][Xrootd RPM]] RPM is as good as we can do until a new version of Xrootd comes out. 
   * [[/SoftwareTeam/CMSGRAM][Improvement to GRAM for CMS]]: We&#39;ve made several improvement to GRAM for CMS. They are in testing now in the ITB. They include tweaks to the way GRAM works as well as new scripts to clean up unused files left behind by Globus. 
   * We&#39;ve been working on a upgrade to the [[/SoftwareTeam/LFCUpgrade][LFC software]] for ATLAS. It&#39;s coming along well and nearly done.
   * We&#39;re finalizing our proposal for [[/SoftwareTeam/CommunityPackagingProposal][Community Packaging]]. Alain is still discussing it with Miron, the OSG Technical Director. 
   * We made changes to the [[/SoftwareTeam/LIGOTweaks1][LIGO native packages]] to meet their needs. 
   * An update to our HDFS yum repository is in testing and nearly ready for released.
   * Our work with NEES (WBS item 1.1.4.11) has been closed. 
   * We have been doing work to investigate the use of Globus Online as a piece of the puzzle of public storage. 

---+++ What WBS items need to be added/removed and why

N/A.

---+++ Other concerns

N/A

---++ 1.2 Operations

---+++ What is running significantly late and thus needs attention 
   * Wellness visits to major OSG stakeholder sites 
      * FNAL should come after ticketing system update
   * Analysis of benefit and impact of distributed operational Infrastructure 
      * Not sure what the deliverable is here?
   * Conduct an operational process review 

---+++ What WBS items have been completed 
   * None
      * Most operational items are ongoing processes
   * Non-WBS Items Completed
      * OSG JIRA Service (jira.opensciencegrid.org)
      * Consolidation of Blogs 
         * [[http://soichi.grid.iu.edu/planet/][Mockup]]

---+++ What WBS items need to be added/removed and why
   * Deployment of OSG Glide-In Factory at IU and CMS Glide-In Factory CERN
      * Hardware, Service Installation
      * SLAs

---++ 1.3 Integration
---+++ What is running significantly late and thus needs attention 
   * Documentation efforts (1.3.5.1, 1.3.5.2)
      * Working on documentation and releasing documentation on ongoing basis but not as quickly as expected
   * CREAM testing
      * Delayed due to technical issues and need for outside expertise
      * Progress made recently 
---+++ What WBS items have been completed 
   * Most items ongoing
      * Continuing release testing 
         * Tested and release OSG 1.2.19 and finishing up 1.2.20
         * Tested  2 VO package updates and working on another
      * Campfire chats 
      * Working on ITB robot improvements using autofactory pilots
   * HTPC testing completed -- may be reopened if further testing is needed
   * 1.3.3.6 Virtualize ITB resources completed
      * Documenting efforts and configurations used
   * 1.3.3.3 Commission OSG dedicated persistent ITB sites
      * 2 ITB gatekeepers, 1 VTB gatekeeper (UC_ITB_CONDOR, UC_ITB_PBS, UC_VTB)
      * cache, hadoop/bestman2, and xrootd/bestman2 resource available and being used for testing (UC_ITB_SE_DCACHE, UC_ITB_SE_HADOOP, UC_ITB_SE_BESTMAN) (1.3.1.5)
---+++ What WBS items need to be added/removed and why
   * None
