+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Gabriele, Chander, Tim T., Scott, Rob Q, Brian

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.



---++ Rob Quick - Operations and Communication

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * No Research Highlights published since last report.
      * AMS story is being reviewed.
      * Neuroimaging story is close.
      * Frank produced story idea listing after staff retreat, this is in Greg&#39;s hands. 
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
   * Katherine duty changes
      * No longer with OSG Communication, though she is helping us with outstanding questions as they appear.
   * Added CC*Compute banner and help article. 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Ebb and flow of stories. 

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update
   * Metrics - publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, tweet 5-10 items per week. 
      * 10 stories in Grant Year 4. 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
   2. Marina Krenz has joined OSG Operations as a developer.
      * 20% of Soichi&#39;s effort mostly devoted to training Marina.
   3. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]] 
      * GRAM Support Ending Message went out April 14 - November is the date for support end. 
   4. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are negotiating a contract with Service Now
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL
      * I expect a very slow burn to full implementation
   5. Final move of legacy contents from software.grid.iu.edu
      * This is close just needs a final push to complete
   6. Monitoring Blueprint 
      * May 9th proceeding the Staff Retreat at UCSD
         * Principles as stated at that below    
   7. Gratia sustainable for life of the current grant
      * Frank is calling for more immediate action. Prototype based on !ElasticSearch in September, turn down of Gratia by year end. 
      * UNL is providing the testbed cloud resources. More decisions will be made as the project matures. 
   8. Cancer Computer - Non-profit cluster looking to do cancer research jobs from OSG. 
      * Small test project getting underway (~50 cores)
   9. !PerfSONAR and GRACC CHEP submissions
   10. Meeting of International E-Infrastructures and EGI Conference
      * Meeting to discuss WMS Glide-In technologies with EGI.
      * Next meeting September with HBP and Neuroimaging 
   11. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We&#39;ve been moving backwards with new !perfSONAR and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
         * Effort will need to be shifted, possibly from Operations Support, to get this done in a proper manner. 
      * Cleaning up expired/out dated documents from the TWiki
         * Have gathered metrics on TWiki usage to determine what are the most visited pages
         * Determine a proper archiving method, we want to remove documents from public but keep a record for revisiting if necessary

---++ Principles discussed at Monitoring Blueprint

%RED%
   * Monitoring Principles 
      * We monitor to know whether the services meet the SLA
      * There is no need for an external testing of HTCondor-CE beyond gWMS pilots. All sites are tested with gWMS pilots
      * A CE is considered functional if a job can be submitted to the cluster batch system successfully
      * OSG must provide info locally to the CE on whether or not the CE is functional
      * OSG provides to sites as a service a summary of OSG’s understanding of the sites performance 
      * By default OSG CEs will send functionality status information to the Central Condor Collector
      * We aspire to have gridftp and xrootd servers report their status via HTCondor classad mechanism just like the CE (stash cache is the pilot for this)

   * Accounting Principles Revisited
      * OSG records info from all pilots
      * OSG records info for all payloads from the OSG VO
      * OSG offers to record info from payloads from other VOs 
      * OSG records all payloads inside factory pilots we run
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Integrating new staff at beginning of June to alleviate pressures on other staff. 
   2. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   3. BDII Deprecation
      * Activity has leveled off after initial WLCG discussions. 
         * Current plan is to provide WLCG with information in JSON format from OIM data (existing with possible minor extensions). 
         * My mail to the WLCG-IS working group chair and OSG and GLUE2.0 - &quot;As I’ve repeated several times over several years, OSG has no plans to implement GLUE 2.0 in general. Outside of these specifically defined uses for WLCG, we will not being putting any effort into providing information in a GLUE2 schema.&quot;
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update (Year4)
   1. Many of these are behind due to staffing discussed above.
   2. Goal #5 - &quot;Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort.&quot; - Additional hardware in place for production services providing a home for this work. I don&#39;t see having the effort for this until the next round of funding. 
   3. Goal #6 - &quot;Continue to provide training on new technologies to equip support desk staff to troubleshoot issue as they are reported.&quot; - Working with UCSD !GlideIn Ops to provide access to logs and common problems documentation so Ops support can do more in depth and proactive troubleshooting of !GlideInWMS problems. Kyle and Rob G are talking about offloading user support tasks to the ops support desk. 
   4. Goal #7 - &quot;Develop and share a set of metrics that provide a reasonable measure of responsiveness to stakeholder tickets.&quot; - See draft document at - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket




---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Marina Krenz has joined OSG Operations as a developer.
   2. Service Desk is negotiating a contract with Service Now.
   3. GRACC prototype by September on schedule.
   4. Seeking collaborations with neuroimaging sites and converging on integrating Cancer Computer cluster

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. No research highlights recently, but 2 upcoming.
   2. BDII deprecation - activity has leveled off after initial discussions. Deadline is Mar 2017.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Published 10 research highlights in year 4. Targeting 12.



-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 03 Jun 2016
