---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: February 10th, 2009 
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending: *Chander Sehgal, Rob Quick, Sebastien Goasguen, Paul Avery, Kent Blackburn*

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-February-10-2009][February 10th OSG Executive Director&#39;s Report to Council]]

   * Summary of DOE/NSF Review of OSG
   * Other significant news to report ...

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Reviewed the report posted (see link above) by Ruth. Discussed the OSG Review and the feedback that has been received to date. Chander noted that we made a conscious decision to address the charge point by point, which to some extent distracted the telling of our success story. Sebastien commented that he has been in two TeraGrid reviews where a similar focus on the charge interfered with getting the story across. Paul noted that the Annual Report had a similar issue of needing an introduction to the OSG as was pointed out in the review. The question of OCI attendance was raised. No high level participation was noticed for the full review, but specifics of who was there from NSF and in particular from OCI was noted. It was noted that Marv from MPS was there for much of the review.

Noted that interviews were taking place for the Production Coordinator position and that a recommendation for one year of support for this position would be proposed.

Kent has invited Piotr Sliz to the OSG Council Face to Face and a presentation would be made for SBGrid membership to the Council.

Also noted that Geant4 and D0 had expressed utilization interests.

Kent asked about the dip in the current week. Paul said that this was probably because it was partial reporting for the current week. It was noted that the trend for the past few months has been very good.

Chander also reminded people of the note Ruth send around regarding the planned schedule for LHC, with beam in September and collisions in October. Paul noted that they were planning a shorter Christmas break than usual to collect more data in hand for 2010.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Planning for OSG All Hands Meeting March 2nd - 4th at LIGO Livingston Observatory

   * Agenda, Speakers, Workshops, Registration Deadlines, etc.

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Kent reported that the program committee was near to finalizing the agenda. There are a couple of unresolved plenary speakers that Kent is awaiting final word on (Earth Systems Grid and DOE/SciDAC). The workshops were all progressing well and some details are now available on the agenda website for the meeting.

As of today, there are 85 registered participants. This is up by roughly a factor of two from last week. The deadline for early registration at the reduced cost is this Friday February 13th. Registration is going well.

Number of posters is a bit low at this time, but there have been some indications of a few more being planned.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Planning for OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting March 5th at LIGO Livingston Observatory

   * Report from Chander: Project Management &amp; Financial 
   * Report from Shaowen Wang on At-Large VO Representation
   * Report from Coucil Re-Organization Subcommittee
   * Re-evaluation of recommendations from At-Large VO Subcommittee
   * Re-visit &quot;Solicitation for Pre-Proposals for the Open Science Grid&quot; (attached below)
   * Science Advisory Group Planning

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Reviewed the planned topics listed above. 

Chander noted that he plans to look at the funding situation for 2011 to determine roughly the quarter will run out based on late hiring and saved funds. This would probably be presented at the next Executive Team meeting on Thursday 19th at Noon Central. Chander may schedule a one on one with Paul and Kent to discuss this before then.

No other topics for the Face to Face meeting of the council were identified by the telecon.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status of Science Advisory Group (Composition, Needs, Planning)

   * Current membership of SAG
   * Topics to focus on when we next meet with SAG
   * When to meet with SAG again? How to organize?

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Discussed the possibility of adding addition members to assure good coverage at face to face meetings with the SAG. Should plan to give the SAG an update on our reviews. Kent asked if we should be sending out some sort of newsletter to the SAG on a regular basis (maybe twice a year) that captured some key aspects of the OSG of interest to the SAG. It may be possible to leverage off of existing newsletters within the OSG. Paul noted that he had sent the Annual Report to the NSF to the SAG before and could do the same with this year&#39;s report. In general, we felt that some means of maintaining a channel of communications with the SAG outside of face-to-face meetings would be useful.

Noted that having face to face meetings with the SAG at locations that showcase our stakeholders and their science missions could be very engaging to our SAG members.

Plan to discuss this further at the Face to Face Council meeting.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues - Ongoing Goals/Milestones

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Kent reported on LIGO&#39;s plans for the next science run which is planning a significant increase in the amount of near real-time analysis of data as it is collected.

Sebastien reported that the campus grids team was reviewing its progress and experiences in an effort to improve longevity of participation.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Nothing else this month.

%ENDCOLOR%


-- Main.KentBlackburn - 05 Feb 2009

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Workshops_Descriptions.pdf][Workshops_Descriptions.pdf]]: Description of Workshops held at All Hands Meeting

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Pre-Proposal_Solicitation.pdf][OSG_Pre-Proposal_Solicitation.pdf]]: Solicitation for Pre-Preposals for the Open Science Grid

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_All-Hands_Agenda_V10.pdf][OSG_All-Hands_Agenda_V10.pdf]]: Draft All Hands Meeting Agenda

