---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesJan22][January 22]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Monday at 3:30pm CST, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * John U., Chris G., John W., Philippe C., Greg Richardson, Penelope C.
   * Apologies: TBD.  

---++Collector/Report development

Chris: I am absorbing Greg&#39;s knowledge about Collector.

---++Test bed.

Nothing to report.

---++Reports.

Jeff: I have encountered some problem when changing the parameters name and/or content
in the Birt 2.0 report designer.  I don&#39;t have a good handle on what&#39;s going on.
However I am doing some progress.

Penelope: I am still investigating Birt 2.2.

---++VDT Releases.

Chris G: One minor issue was discovered and fixed during the Trash/Trash/Integration Fest.

---++Probes.

Chris: I will have a packaged version (rpm) of the SGE probe.  I have a couple
of issue with some of their choice (assumed location for the log file and do not
handle well &#39;log rotate&#39;.  

Chris: They are doing their own DN lookup in the grid map file (which may 
unfortunately not always be there).

Philippe: We also need (per request of the OSG Security Officer) to get the
info for PBS and LSF. 

Chris: We need to get this from GRAM.

---++Storage Probe.

Philippe: DCache probe is to be deployed.  It is now waiting on Philippe/Chris to
update the database to handle multiple record type in a form that it is &#39;easy to use&#39; 
for reporting.  

---++Metrics.

John U.: Doing a nice 3d graphics for PR for OSG.

Greg: I will look for a freeware that might be helpful.

John U.: I have some contact with Monalisa, they __seem__ to have an idea
on how to use the Monalisa web services.  I still donot know what is the
meaning of the data yet .... I have to download the &#39;web service&#39; to see
the examples.

---++Any Other Business

-- Main.PhilippeCanal - 29 Jan 2007
