Attendees:

  Lisa, Stan, Doug Olson, Leigh, Rick

Agenda:

1. Updates regarding Resource Registration

   * https://plone3.opensciencegrid.org/activities/operations/wip/regintro/
   * https://plone3.opensciencegrid.org/activities/operations/wip/template/

   https://plone3.opensciencegrid.org/activities/operations/wip/registration/files/osg-reg-intro-fig1.gif

2. Updates to the Operations Model Document:
               
   * Use Facility support centers to allow multi-vo sites.
   * more updates for Community support

3. Re-Organization and merging of Operations web presence. 

   * create Operations Activity on OSG Twiki


4. Discuss of meeting scopes. Attempt to define the scope of the

   * Operations ( Monday and Wedesday )

    These meetings are for production issues discussion. Each Support Center and resource or service
    provider should attend to address problems with installation or operation of the OSG software
    environemnt.

   * tg-supportcenters ( Tuesday )

  THis meeting is for the specification of the Operations model, additionally this meeting addresses issues of the Operations Activity. The Operations Activity addresses issues related to the implentation of the operations model and handles feedback/input from the Production experience derived from the Operations meetings as well as from Support Centers within OSG.

   * deployment ( Friday )
    
     reviews readiness and decides upon deployment infrastucture

5.  OSG -&gt; EGEE ticket exchange

   * this was defer until ticket experts are back from vacation

6. Discuss next LCG/OSG Joint Operations meeting
   * Of the four dates offered, the OCT 31 2005 seemed best
   * the location is yet to be determined but a North America location was thought to be best

-- Main.LeighGrund - 21 Jun 2005

