---+ Operations Meeting May 22, 2006
Attendees: 

   * 1:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda
Attendees: Eric, Parag, Tim, Rob, Kyle, Marty, Greg, Burt, Horst, Karthik, Alain, Steve, Steve Timm, Fred, Lawrence, Kevin Colby, Neha, Steve Gallo

---++ Followup from the previous meeting
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesMay15

None.

---++ Hot Topics for the week

---+++ Operations Meeting proposed changes

---++++ Proposed new meeting time. Move meeting up one hour to 12PM Central.

   * There were no objections amongst the attendees to move the meeting to noon Central. I will send email to the Support Centers for further input.

----++++ New meeting format.

   * We will no longer go through all tickets. If a Support Center has tickets to discuss, please request they be added to the agenda. Meeting reminders will be sent out at the end of the week. Please add topics you would like covered by contacting the GOC with your request. We will cover any items for followup first, then hot topics for the week, tickets, and finally there will be an open spot on the agenda for other topics, if time permits. Doug Olson may be adding an RA agent item to the agenda as needed. More info from Doug is pending when he next attends the call.

---+++ Tickets

   * 1842 Library error at Vanderbilt (Burt and Rob were to followup offline) *no action as of yet. Rob will folluwp.*
   * 2007 DZero job failures at UNL. (Parag, did the resolution resolve this?) *seems to be resolved waiting for the test to run, should have an answer by the end of the meeting*
   * Neha reported that her site SDSS_TAM is failing GridCat testing. Passes authentication, failing Hello World.

http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm - OSG Trouble Ticket Summary

---+++ Memorial Day is Monday, May 29. There will be no meeting.

  * No objections from the group. Our next meeting will be Monday, June 5.

---++ Other issues

---+++ GridCat issue (Steve Timm)

   * A ticket has been opened at the GOC. John Rosheck will investigate and followup w/Steve.

---+++ BDII won&#39;t work out of the box. (Burt)

   * Implementation of the glue schema is outdated.

---+++ ACDC status

   *  It&#39;s being brought back online. ETA is possibly in two weeks or so after they move to the new building.

---+++ Support Center Attendance

| *Support Center* | *Attendee* |

|  Fermilab  |  Steve Timm  |
|  USCMS  |  Burt  |
|  LIGO  |   |
|  GROW  |  Eric Shook  |
|  UCCI  |  Marty &amp; Greg  |
|  PROD_SLAC  |  |
|  CSC  |  |
|  OSG-GOC  |  Tim, Kyle, Rob  |
|  fGOC  |    |
|  VDT  |  Alain Roy  |
|  DOSAR  |  Horst  |
|  STAR  |  |
|  GADU   |  |
|  SDSS  |  Neha  |
|  DZero  |  |
|  TACC  |  |
|  Mariachi  |  |
|  nanoHUB  |  Steve C |
|  GRASE  |  Steve G  |


-- Main.TimSilvers - 18 May 2006

