---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Shawn, Chander, Gabriele, Mine, Dan, Brian, Derek, Rob Quick

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/2013WorkPlanRetreat][OSG Planning Retreat on June 4-6 in Madison]]

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]



---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser

---+++ Networking - Shawn !McKee
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-Mar13-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-Mar13-Networking.pdf]]: OSG AC Networking Area Update

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---+++ Minutes
Key Initiatives (Campus Grid)
   1. Improving stability of BOSCO.
   2. Broaden the user base - develop features to support additional use cases for BOSCO. Building the community through various initiatives (the Campus Infrastructure Community, computational challenge at Condor Week, etc.)

Top Issues / Concerns (Campus Grid)
   1.  BOSCO may not address the actual needs of the users - investigating the integration of power applications, such as R, MatLab, and Galaxy. This may lead to a change of direction in yr 2.

Key Accomplishments (Campus Grid)
   1. Campus Infrastructure Community meeting - latest at OSG AHM - well attended
   2. BOSCO supports access to XSEDE resources for CMS through SSH rather than GRAM. Stable at the scale of 5k jobs. Targeting 1.5M SU.


Key Initiatives (Networking)
   1. Improving robustness of the Dashboard - 10 days of delay in the development necessary for the alpha deployment at GOC. This will cause delays in the deployment itself.
   2. Improving perfSONAR toolkit for OSG, working closely with PerfSONAR developers
   3. Developing and linking together available documentation

Top Issues / Concerns (Networking)
   1. The area relies on external staff for the development of the modular dashboard.  The project needs to do more to build up and maintain interest from developers.
   2. Delays in feature development will likely delay the deployment of the Alpha release. Current estimate is May. The deployment will have limitations on displays, user interaction, history tracking, support for external clients.

Key Accomplishments (Networking)
   1. Improvements and new features on PerfSONAR and the Dashboard



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 28 Feb 2013

