---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tuesday 10 Mar 2009
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Tuesday 10 Mar 2009&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Next Meeting: Tue 24 Mar 2009&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Burt Holzman&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Emanouil Atanassov&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Anthony Tiradani&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;

---++ Topics of Discussion
   * PPS/ITB Interoperability
      * The persistent sites are fine.  Maria will send reports about the other sites.
      * UC_ITB may have a firewall issue?  Will investigate once we have Maria&#39;s report

   * CREAM CE Testing: Nick was directed to Sanjay directly for any questions and status updates

   * Glue 2 - Questions:
      * Is EGEE planning on having two types of BDII&#39;s?  One for Glue 1.3 and one for Glue 2.0?
      * For Glue 1.3, OSG has been viewing the Glue Schema document and only recently the Installed Capacity document as the authoritative documents.  With Glue 2.0, what are the list of authoritative documents?
   
   * Interoperability work - Should try to use the pilot Voms server, but if problems arise, the production voms server works fine.

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 24 Feb 2009
