---+++ Attendees : 
   * (To be completed after the meeting) Rob S., Doug, Tanya, Marco
---+++ Coordinates
   * Wednesday  1/19 at 10am central (Chicago)
   * phone: 1 866 740 1260   
   * code:  2625776   
---+++ Agenda/Minutes
   * xrootd status
   * planning for the OSG All Hands and joint meetings (Tier 3 and Hands-on sessions) 

---++++ xrootd status
Report from Andy on 1/18 - Hopefully there will be a tag in a few hours or at least by tomorrow. You can look at the details at http://xrootd.org/doc/githead/updates.html which will show nothing major has happened. The highlights:
   1 New features:
      * New application, cconfing, added to display configuration files relative to a host-program-instance.
      * New application, netchk, that tests that firewalls have been correctly setup.
      * New configure.classic option to allow use of stl4port library for Solaris.
      * New internal feature in XrdPosix library to not shadow files with actual file descriptors (used by the proxy service). This increases scalability.
      * Allow the xrootd server to tell the client that it is a meta-manager.
   1 Major bug fixes:
      * Change link options for xrdadler32 to not use shared libraries. The previous setup caused the command to hang upon exit.
      * Remove instance of XrdPosixXrootd from that same file. Including it disallows defaults from being changed.
   1 Minor bug fixes:
      * Fix XrdOucStream to not return ending &quot;fi&quot;.
      * Correct network option interference -- do not turn on network nodnr option should the keepalive option be specified.
      * Remove duplicate option in option table used by the proxy service.
      * Fix what gets put in the git repository. The stl4port patch broke this.

The VDT team is ready to give top priority to building the new RPM
   * Message from Tim Cartwright on 1.19 - If the xrootd developers do not change much in the source packaging, the configure.classic script, and the build itself, then we should be able to turn around a new RPM quite quickly -- within a day or two.

Tanya is testing the current 3.0.0 RPM from VDT:
   * she is using a configuration similar to the one used by Doug (ATLAS Tier 3) 
   * basic test work, as well as security
   * GSI support not working
   * Hadoop links are not there
   * RPM for GSI and Hadoop are there but need to be integrated


Doug tested 3.0.0 from the tarball, using the configure-classic
   * GSI support is important for the federation
   * Hadoop support is more a CMS requirement - Anyway the WLCG deployment board meeting yesterday focused on the xrootd demonstrator and suggested more cooperation and collaboration between the 3 demonstrators (CMS, ATLAS and ?) 

Other important parts are:
   * support for xrdfs and fuse (check if it is there)
   * use xinetd.d to start and stop (this will be there long term)
   * provide templates for temporary configuration for the short term
   * use a wiki with explanation on how to install and use the templates
      * Link the documentation from xrootd.org to make it easy to find 

Current ATLS Tier 3 procedure (from Doug):
   * install Xrootd from OSG Pacman package
   * drop on top the new binaries
   * do some manual changes of the configuration
   * special configuration for the proxy
   * manual change to the startup script to reduce the number of logs
   * changes listed in the CERN Xrootd Wiki - Tanya should have access (Trash/Tier3GXrootdSetup page)

Tanya will organize a meeting with Doug, Andy and Wei this week, mainly to provide configuration templates:
   * start from Doug configuration (he will provide a public URL to access it)
   * prune what is not needed

ATLAS Tier 2 configuration is different.

Very few ATLAS Tier 3 will partecipate to the All Hands meeting (limited funding). The possibility to connect remotely seems more interesting.
Marco will provide a list of experts and coordinates to Join. Doug will forward it to Tier 3 contacts.
Areas of interest are:
   * bestman
   * gridftp
   * xrootd
   * condor

Rob - CMS use of xrootd is limited - Probably a couple of CMS sites will partecipate to the xrootd demonstrator

Doug and Rob S - ideas for the joint Trash/Tier3 session at All Hands meeting (Tue, 2-5pm): 
   * how long will be the talks? 6 people
   * Proposed talks:
      * Ian Fisk - future directions
      * Jason Allan - cluster management
      * Stephen - something similar for ATLAS
      * xrootd talks (20 min each) talk about the redirector
         * Andy - talk about the proxy 
         * Charles - ATLAS activity
         * Brian - CMS activity 



---+++ Significant/Action Items:
   * Tanya will setup a meeting with Andy, Wei and Doug before the end of this week.
   * Marco will check with Rob G and Charles ATLAS Tier 2 xrootd requirements
   * Marco will provide expert list and coordinates for the Hands-on session at the OSG All Hands meeting
      * Doug will forward it to the ATLAS Tier 3s
   * Next meeting is in 2 weeks, on 2/2 at 10am Chicago, same coordinates

After talking with Rob G and Charles:
   * UTA and SLAC have custom installations
   * No other Tier 2 are using xrootd in production
   * Then there is the federation part with a configuration file provided by Charles
      * RPM from 1.4.2 from caltech (http://newman.ultralight.org/repos/xrootd/$basearch/)
      * custom configuration (Charles will provide a link to configuration and instructions)

OSG AH &quot;Talk with the Experts&quot;:
   * Twiki: SiteCoordination.ExpertsAtAllHands2011
   * Thursday 3/10/2011, 9am to 1pm Eastern time (Boston)
   * Location TBA
   * Phone (ReadyTalk): 1 866 740 1260, then code 8349885#
   * Adobe Connect: http://osg.acrobat.com/osgah11/



---+++ Meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group



-- Main.MarcoMambelli - 19 Jan 2011
