

-- Main.RobertEngel - 02 Apr 2010



---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Friday April 2nd, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 02:00 PM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 0402 |


---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda

---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.MineAltunay

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas:
      * general ( Robert )
         * out sick Monday to Thursday
      * Documentation.DocHowTo (Jim)
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )

   * deadline to include HTML comment is today, status for each area?
      * all areas except Storage made significant progress, the process is about to be completed next week.

   * Who has access to OmniGraffle?
      * almost everyone seems to have access to a license.
    
   * Proposals for next week by each team member
      * remember deadline for HTML comment next Friday!
      * everyone attending agreed to finish to include HTML comments
      * Robert and Jim will write a simple review and tester guide till next Friday
