---++ Minutes OSG Council Wednesday August 3rd
---++++ Morning Session 9:00AM to 1:00PM Central

---+++ OSG as an XSEDE Service Provider - Ruth Pordes
Dan answered Piotr questions re: the usefulness for Peter Doherty to become a member of Campus Champions.

Miron cautioned not to equate XSEDE with XD.

XSEDE made commitment to have a service provider forum by end of 1st Quarter of project – October.

For communications, Miriam is talking to Bill Bell of NCSA.

Allocations committee, Chandar and Dan jointly participating.

Miron seeks an allocation committee, who to give cycles to? “Not a resource problem, a consumption problem”
Keep discussing issue of allocation.

Questions: Expanding the umbrella of XD, will it work, be in OSG best interest? Ruth-Should we also learn how CF21 relates, interfaces and if it is different from XD? (XD has funding CF 21 under a different umbrella-Miron) How can OSG participate in these meetings as OSG? Make it a legal entity? RP to follow up with Piotr and Dan. Ruth-Advanced user support communities vs. projects- what’s the difference? Want to be clear on Purdue resource- making it clear in Kim’s mind when dealing w/ individuals wanting to use resources, when is it appropriate to vector people to OSG? What does Campus Bridge actually do? How much of OSG’s human resources can we allocate to establish policies on allocating opportunistic resources? What is the expectation XSEDE has w/ OSG, allow people in as opportunistic or allow in as op. w/ some limit? Ruth-When are we likely to need more resources?- Go to funding agencies, replicate this pressure.

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  

   * Executive Director to Present to council, executive team, other components of XD- learn more about other parts.
   * Miron to talk to Craig Stewart about Campus Bridging activity.
   * Contnue discussion re: allocating resource with main resource providers within OSG. MIRON: Engage hard discussion, effort, goals, priority given to major funding sources, stakeholders, broadening our participation and value (executive team)


---+++ WLCG futures and OSG - Frank/Lothar, Michael 
OSG contributes to WLCG on behalf of ATLAS/ US CMS.

Executive team had discussion w/ Ian Bird, head of WLCG project. – will provide a clear statement of needs for WLCG- generating a strategy document. Invited OSG to participate/ provide 4 representatives- Michael/Lothar agreed.

By end of year schedule a workshop/ generate a document incl. 2 representatives. OSG in workshop (Richard on Council).

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  

   * Ruth to draft letter, giving OSG comments, names of 4 OSG members to assign to working groups, discussion of this item and have a conclusion in a couple of days. (Individuals to be proposed/ coordinated at Executive team meetings) 
   * Ruth- Decide how we communicate/ coordinate participation in this workshop/committee. Discuss at Executive team meeting 10.30 am on Thurs. 
   * Future action item- face to face in a couple of months- Executive team discussion, bring council in?

---+++ Proposal for exchanges with the Americas- Jose Caballero (remote)
Jose Caballero presented proposal to the Council for:
1. System Administration training- to be hosted by OSG
2. Source OSG contacts willing to be co-advisor for research projects in South America to help build national infrastructure in SA. (Volunteer)

Horschst: DOSAR is involved, will help where can.

Questions: Richard-Look into State Department funding if a political reason for this project? Paul-Interesting discussion to have with Marv/ NSF? IS there an NSF program to deal with this? Can Council help with finding out if NSF can help with this?

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  

    * Jose/ Horsht to create wiki page with checklist of what people would need i.e. local travel funding, guidelines on what to expect, checklist of details.

    * COUNCIL DECISION: Endorsement of Jose’s proposal, approval for Jose to contact the two supporting institutions (HMS, UFlorida)  directly to provide details. Funding to be done locally in negotiation w/ student’s institution. If there is a need for OSG funding request, Jose can talk to Executive team.


---+++ Strategic Plan- Intro discussion
Rob’s proposal  of PDCA applied to OSG

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  

   * RP to define audience within Document. Critical review/ feedback from each council member due to Ruth by Aug. 17. Ruth to post revised document Aug. 31 in advance of next Council meeting (Add to AGENDA)


---+++ Brainstorming on Satellites-All
Piotr submitted satellite proposal for SI2 structure biology software to support cell life imaging. Incl. support for working with OSG. 
Xroot- Richard putting together white papers, draft proposals to see how funded (posted to Council meeting page).

---+++ AOB
   * None




-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 08 Aug 2011
