---+ OSG Documentation Meeting
 
---++ Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Friday September 30, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 01:00 PM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 866-740-1260 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 8402687 |

---++ Attendees
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.KyleGross
   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina

---+++ Not Attending
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.TerrenceMartin

---++ Agenda
   * Status of new RPM documents - quick pass through documentation lines in [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/RPMTimeline][RPMTimeline]] %RED% Jim to move Security area to top of priority list %ENDCOLOR%
   * Ownership status - [[Trash/DocumentationTeam/WebHome#PeopleResponsible][People who Own Documents]] %RED% Tanya said to put Doug Strain in as owner of the documents she and Ted own.  (Jim will make the ownership changes.) When Neha returns on Nov. 3, Doug can reassign appropriate documents to Neha. %ENDCOLOR%
   * Temp Document Moves to Release3 - Where should Software team documents reside?  %RED% Alain with move these to the Software Team web. Jim will put the links in !RPMTempDocuments into the Release3 !WebHome %ENDCOLOR%
      * [[SoftwareTeam.VDTRPMBuildBox][Install a Build Box]]
      * [[SoftwareTeam.VDTRPMBatlabBuild][How to Build with the Build and Test Lab]]
      * [[Trash.Documentation_Release3VDTRPMFilePaths][Answers to: Where are these files?]]
      * [[SoftwareTeam.CreateVOClient][How to create the VO Client RPM]]
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/RPMCAs][Policy and strategies for CA certificate handling]]
      * [[SoftwareTeam.KojiWorkflow][Koji Workflow]]
      * [[SoftwareTeam.RepositoryManagement][Repository Management]]
      * [[SoftwareTeam.BuildingGlobus][Notes on Building Globus]]
      * [[Documentation.RPMTestingInfrastructureNotes][Infrastructure notes for automated testing of RPMs]]
   * How will setup.sh work with RPMs?  %RED% Alain explained setup.sh is not required.  A dummy (null) setup.sh will be provided for user jobs that reference it so they will not fail because of a missing setup.sh. %ENDCOLOR%
   * Planning for [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.RPMDocFest][RPMDocFest]]  %RED% We reviewed the plans and made a few minor changes/updates %ENDCOLOR%
   * %RED% Jim thanked Robert for his contribution to the Content Management Project and noted that the software for managing documentation was well written, efficient (especially with the latest enhancements), organized, and well documented. %ENDCOLOR%

-- Main.JamesWeichel - 28 Sep 2009

