---+Storage Technical Group Minutes, 10/16/06


---++ Attending

Surya Pathak, Paul Sheldon, Eileen Berman, Anne Heavey, Forrest Christian, David Myers, Alex Sim


---++ Meeting Summary

---+++ Agenda

Agenda for OSG TG Storage meeting on
Monday Oct 16, 11 AM Chicago Time
   * discussion about osg documentation work
   * new proposed meeting time
   * discussion of leveraging of other osg projects
   * discussion of osg needs from storage
      * use FKW summary from consortium meeting as starting point
   * AOB

---+++ Documentation Work

Anne Heavey and Forrest Christian attended to discuss their efforts to improve OSG documentation.

This is an example of a web page aimed at a particular OSG &quot;user&quot;.  In this case, an end user:
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/UserDocEndUser

The main page for Documentation is :
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/WebHome

Forrest is doing the storage web pages.

Eileen suggests that as Forrest makes progress he should ping the storage group for comments and ideas.

VO specific information is in a table at:  http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VO/WebHome

---+++ Meeting Time

Is there a time later in the day on Monday that people could make?  What about 2pm Central Time?
If this doesn&#39;t work, we can try 4pm Central Time.

Everyone present agrees this will work, so Eileen will send mail to full list and find out if this time (2pm Central)
works with them.  4pm is the &quot;backup&quot; time.

---+++ Leveraging Other OSG Projects

There is a fair amount of work to be done in the storage area over the next year (coming out of the Washington
OSG Consortium Meeting).  There are not many FTEs identified to work on OSG Storage (none?), can we leverage
the work of other projects?  Some possibilities:

   * Alex&#39;s work on SRM Testing/Interoperability
   * Surya&#39;s work on L-Store
   * Fermilab: some funded effort on dCache integration into OSG
   * David: Intergrating SRM into LIGO&#39;s workflows

David&#39;s project is in progress, he might be willing to discuss this further in a few weeks.

Alex asks:  it would be useful if we better understood what users want?  How can they
request information?  What is the process?

Eileen says we need to better advertise this possibility, solicit feedback and advertise to users how they would go about asking question and making requests.

Eileen: what was your view of Frank&#39;s talk at OSG?

Surya:  monitoring, management model for storage.

Eileen:  management model is the big deal.  We need to break this down in more detail, focus on this piece.  At the next meeting, we should discuss in more detail what the management model should be.

Homework Assignement:  jot down a few ideas for management model.  Bring them to the next meeting.   And use cases as well.

David:  what is in the scope, and what is not in the scope of the management model?

OSG won&#39;t manage storage for people, but we need to know about OSG storage.

David:  an example... I want to move 2 GB of data into someones storage.  What security issues are there?

Maybe the Homework should initially be about coming up with use cases.  That would help us decide.

Send to Eileen by noon Chicago time of Friday before next meeting. The 27th of October.

-- Main.PaulSheldon - 16 Oct 2006


&lt;!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
 DEAR DOCUMENT OWNER
 ===================

 Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local OWNER = PaulSheldon

 Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
 DOC_AREA = (ComputeElement|Storage|VO|Security|User|Monitoring|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Operations|Tier3)
   * Local DOC_AREA       = Storage

 define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
 DOC_ROLE = (EndUser|Student|Developer|SysAdmin|VOManager)
   * Local DOC_ROLE       = SysAdmin

 Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
 DOC_TYPE = (Troubleshooting|Training|Installation|HowTo|Planning|Navigation|Knowledge)
   * Local DOC_TYPE       = Installation
  Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = %NO%

 Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_TEST   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local REVIEW_READY   = %NO%

 change to %YES% once the document is ready to be tested and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local TEST_READY     = %NO%

 change to %YES% only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release
   * Local RELEASE_READY  = %YES%


 DEAR DOCUMENT REVIEWER
 ======================

 Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local REVIEWER       = FirstName
 Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local REVIEW_PASSED  = %NO%


 DEAR DOCUMENT TESTER
 ====================

 Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local TESTER         = FirstLast
 Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local TEST_PASSED    = %NO%
############################################################################################################
--&gt;
