<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MeetingInfo20110121 &lt; Documentation/DocumentationTeam &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/MeetingInfo20110121?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MeetingInfo20110121" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/MeetingInfo20110121"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#DDDDDD;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#DDDDDD;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Meeting_Information"> Meeting Information</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Coordinates"> Coordinates</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Attendees"> Attendees</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Not_Attending"> Not Attending</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Status_Reports_for_week_01_12_20"> Status Reports for week 01/12/2011 -&gt; 01/21/2011</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Work_Plan_for_week_01_24_2011_01"> Work Plan for week 01/24/2011 -&gt; 01/28/2011</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Agenda"> Agenda</a>
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h1><a name="Meeting_Information"></a> Meeting Information </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Coordinates"></a> Coordinates </span></h2>
<p />
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table cellspacing="0" id="table1" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="cols" border="1">
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Date</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> Friday Jan 21, 2011 </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Time</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> 02:00 PM Central </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Telephone Number</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> 866-740-1260 </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <b>Teleconference ID<b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> 9030201 </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attendees"></a> Attendees </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobertEngel" class="twikiLink">RobertEngel</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/MarcoMambelli" class="twikiLink">MarcoMambelli</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/SuchandraThapa" class="twikiLink">SuchandraThapa</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/JamesBarlow" class="twikiLink">JamesBarlow</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/ElizabethChism" class="twikiLink">ElizabethChism</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianBockelman" class="twikiLink">BrianBockelman</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Not_Attending"></a> Not Attending </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/TerrenceMartin" class="twikiLink">TerrenceMartin</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/JamesWeichel" class="twikiLink">JamesWeichel</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h1><a name="Status_Reports_for_week_01_12_20"></a> Status Reports for week 01/12/2011 -&gt; 01/21/2011 </h1>
<p /> <ul>
<li> General ( Robert ) <ul>
<li> update Rob, Ruth and Suchandra on status of project via e-mail
</li> <li> attend Storage and ITB Telecon
</li> <li> support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
</li> <li> continue work on navigation, use twiki-test to start implementing various <span class="twikiNewLink">LeftBars<a href="/bin/edit/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/LeftBars?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="LeftBars (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li> <li> ask Elizabeth for access to all CSS styles on twiki-test
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Compute Element and Integration ( Suchandra ) <ul>
<li> sent out reminders regarding work on documentation that was distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
</li> <li> support work on the 5 CE documents: <ul>
<li> Steve Timm: <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, waiting on Jim Barlow
</li> <li> Karthik: <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, table of log files needs to be updated
</li> <li> Horst: <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls</a>, released by next week
</li> <li> Scott: <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables</a>, waiting on Alain
</li> <li> Suchandra: <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints</a>, no progress
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Storage ( Tanya ) <ul>
<li> work on 3 documents <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/Bestman<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/Bestman?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/Bestman (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> has been released by Tanya
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> edited by Doug
</li> <li> RSVPideon was reviewed by Tanya
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> sent email to Suchandra and Anthony Tiradani asking about config.ini and "vo_allowed" and "mount_path" configuration
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> User Documentation ( Brian ) <ul>
<li> Brian is busy working on OSG Prime proposal
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Tier3 ( Marco ) <ul>
<li> work on 2 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> as reviewer, contact Terrence who is out sick
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> as reviewer
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic
</li> <li> sent top10 list of use cases during session at the AHM to Robert for work on navigation 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Security ( James ) <ul>
<li> check and correct document standards on all documents: 50% done
</li> <li> support work on <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> that is reviewed by Steven Timm
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Operations ( Elizabeth ) <ul>
<li> work on 2 documents (plus one bonus document): <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/TheGOC" class="twikiLink">Operations/TheGOC</a> - Finished editing, but only submitted it to my (potential) reviewers today. I realized early in the week that it required a great deal more revision than I had thought, so to keep my promise of two released documents last week...
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/GettingResourceDataMyOSG" class="twikiLink">Operations/GettingResourceDataMyOSG</a> - I revised and submitted this for reviewing and testing. Iwona was gracious enough to review/test it for me, and we were able to release it.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/VOPackageReleases" class="twikiLink">Operations/VOPackageReleases</a> - I revised this to be a little more explanatory and GOC agreed that it was ready for release.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> VO ( Terrence Martin ) <ul>
<li> work on 1 document with Marco as reviewer: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h1><a name="Work_Plan_for_week_01_24_2011_01"></a> Work Plan for week 01/24/2011 -&gt; 01/28/2011 </h1>
<p /> <ul>
<li> General ( Robert ) <ul>
<li> support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
</li> <li> continue work on navigation
</li> <li> work on Twiki CSS
</li> <li> check where the CE configuration is documented, sent result to Suchandra and Tanya 
</li> <li> contact Jim Weichel to ask for questionnaire he used for user interviews
</li> <li> develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco's hands-on sessions 
</li> <li> work on 1 document: <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls</a> support Horst and prepare for release
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Compute Element ( Suchandra ) <ul>
<li> create list of 5 new documents to be distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
</li> <li> sent list of documents to Robert before ITB meeting
</li> <li> support work on the 5 CE documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> support Jim (owner) and Steve (tester)
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, table of log files needs to be updated by Karthik
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls</a>, Horst and Robert are working to release it by Thursday
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables</a>, Scott is waiting on Alain, Suchandra will contact Alain and see what the issues are
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints</a>, Suchandra will prepare document for release by Thursday
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> check where the configuration of GLOBUS_TCP_PORTRANGE is documented, sent result to Robert and Horst in order to update <a href="/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls" class="twikiLink">ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls</a>
</li> <li> check where mount-point option is documented on the Twiki, provide example to Tanya, work with Tanya to resolve the issue
</li> <li> check where HTPC documentation for system administrators fits nicely into the current CE documentation, sent result to Brian and Dan
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Storage ( Tanya ) <ul>
<li> work on 4 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - finish modification and testing ( Doug, Neha)
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes<a href="/bin/edit/MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - revew, testing (Tanya, Neha)
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - need help to find tester
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - review and work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> User Documentation ( Brian ) <ul>
<li> busy till end of January
</li> <li> find good place for HTPC user documentation
</li> <li> find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
</li> <li> contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort ( once Suchandra recommended location for HTPC documentation for system administrators )
</li> <li> ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Tier3 ( Marco ) <ul>
<li> work on 2 documents: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> review and sent results to Terrence
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> review and sent results to Terrence
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic
</li> <li> support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
</li> <li> find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Security ( James ) <ul>
<li> work on 1 document: <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> implement reviewer (Steve) comments, prepare for release
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> finish following document standards on remaining documents
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Operations ( Elizabeth ) <ul>
<li> create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team
</li> <li> sent list of documents to Robert
</li> <li> check which twiki Robert is supposed to used for testing / implementing navigation, sent result to Robert by Monday
</li> <li> make sure Robert has access to relevant Twiki style sheets on that twiki, sent location of style sheets to Robert by Monday
</li> <li> work on 2 documents: <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/TheGOC" class="twikiLink">Operations/TheGOC</a> support reviewer, prepare for release
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Operations/TicketExpectations" class="twikiLink">Operations/TicketExpectations</a> revise, submit for review, prepare for release
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> VO ( Terrence Martin )      standing item: <ul>
 <li>
 <ul>
<li> <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h1><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </h1>
<p /> <ul>
<li> on documentation of hybrid CE/SE setup and mount points in config.ini <ul>
<li> Tanya reported the problem via e-mail to osg-docs and during the Storage Telecon
</li> <li> Robert asked Suchandra to look into the issue or find best person to address this issue to
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Dan is planning to add HTPC options to the CE-install and User documents <ul>
<li> input required from Brian, Dan and Derek
</li> <li> utilize whole node for jobs, not just one job slot
</li> <li> some documentation present in user documentation
</li> <li> ATLAS and CMS driven, GLOW, SBGRID
</li> <li> Help for Condor <span class="twikiNewLink">SysAdmins<a href="/bin/edit/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/SysAdmins?topicparent=Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110121" rel="nofollow" title="SysAdmins (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, less so for PBS and SGE, also supported by Dan
</li> <li> Advanced tutorials for HTPC users
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobertEngel" class="twikiLink">RobertEngel</a> - 21 Jan 2011</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Documentation/DocumentationTeam<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MeetingInfo20110121</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r13 - 22 Feb 2012 - 16:15:29 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />