%TOC%

---+ Meeting Information

---++ Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Friday Jan 21, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 02:00 PM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 866-740-1260 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 9030201 |

---++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.BrianBockelman

---++ Not Attending

   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.JamesWeichel

---+ Status Reports for week 01/12/2011 -&gt; 01/21/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * update Rob, Ruth and Suchandra on status of project via e-mail
      * attend Storage and ITB Telecon
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation, use twiki-test to start implementing various LeftBars
      * ask Elizabeth for access to all CSS styles on twiki-test
   * Compute Element and Integration ( Suchandra )
      * sent out reminders regarding work on documentation that was distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
      * support work on the 5 CE documents:
         * Steve Timm: [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]], waiting on Jim Barlow
         * Karthik: [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]], table of log files needs to be updated
         * Horst: [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]], released by next week
         * Scott: [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]], waiting on Alain
         * Suchandra: [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]], no progress
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 3 documents
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/Bestman]] has been released by Tanya
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools]] edited by Doug
         * !RSVPideon was reviewed by Tanya
      * sent email to Suchandra and Anthony Tiradani asking about config.ini and &quot;vo_allowed&quot; and &quot;mount_path&quot; configuration
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Brian is busy working on OSG Prime proposal
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]] as reviewer, contact Terrence who is out sick
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide]] as reviewer
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic
      * sent top10 list of use cases during session at the AHM to Robert for work on navigation 
   * Security ( James )
      * check and correct document standards on all documents: 50% done
      * support work on [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] that is reviewed by Steven Timm
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * work on 2 documents (plus one bonus document):
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - Finished editing, but only submitted it to my (potential) reviewers today. I realized early in the week that it required a great deal more revision than I had thought, so to keep my promise of two released documents last week...
         * [[Operations/GettingResourceDataMyOSG]] - I revised and submitted this for reviewing and testing. Iwona was gracious enough to review/test it for me, and we were able to release it.
         * [[Operations/VOPackageReleases]] - I revised this to be a little more explanatory and GOC agreed that it was ready for release.
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      * work on 1 document with Marco as reviewer:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Work Plan for week 01/24/2011 -&gt; 01/28/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation
      * work on Twiki CSS
      * check where the CE configuration is documented, sent result to Suchandra and Tanya 
      * contact Jim Weichel to ask for questionnaire he used for user interviews
      * develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco&#39;s hands-on sessions 
      * work on 1 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] support Horst and prepare for release
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * create list of 5 new documents to be distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
      * sent list of documents to Robert before ITB meeting
      * support work on the 5 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] support Jim (owner) and Steve (tester)
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]], table of log files needs to be updated by Karthik
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]], Horst and Robert are working to release it by Thursday
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]], Scott is waiting on Alain, Suchandra will contact Alain and see what the issues are
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]], Suchandra will prepare document for release by Thursday
      * check where the configuration of GLOBUS_TCP_PORTRANGE is documented, sent result to Robert and Horst in order to update [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]]
      * check where mount-point option is documented on the Twiki, provide example to Tanya, work with Tanya to resolve the issue
      * check where HTPC documentation for system administrators fits nicely into the current CE documentation, sent result to Brian and Dan
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 4 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools]] - finish modification and testing ( Doug, Neha)
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - revew, testing (Tanya, Neha)
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - need help to find tester
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - review and work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * find good place for HTPC user documentation
      * find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
      * contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort ( once Suchandra recommended location for HTPC documentation for system administrators )
      * ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]] review and sent results to Terrence
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide]] review and sent results to Terrence
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 1 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] implement reviewer (Steve) comments, prepare for release
      * finish following document standards on remaining documents
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team
      * sent list of documents to Robert
      * check which twiki Robert is supposed to used for testing / implementing navigation, sent result to Robert by Monday
      * make sure Robert has access to relevant Twiki style sheets on that twiki, sent location of style sheets to Robert by Monday
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] support reviewer, prepare for release
         * [[Operations/TicketExpectations]] revise, submit for review, prepare for release
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Agenda

   * on documentation of hybrid CE/SE setup and mount points in config.ini
      * Tanya reported the problem via e-mail to osg-docs and during the Storage Telecon
      * Robert asked Suchandra to look into the issue or find best person to address this issue to
   * Dan is planning to add HTPC options to the CE-install and User documents
      * input required from Brian, Dan and Derek
      * utilize whole node for jobs, not just one job slot
      * some documentation present in user documentation
      * ATLAS and CMS driven, GLOW, SBGRID
      * Help for Condor SysAdmins, less so for PBS and SGE, also supported by Dan
      * Advanced tutorials for HTPC users

-- Main.RobertEngel - 21 Jan 2011
