Date: Thursday, September 4th; Time: noon Central

Tel: 510-665-5437; ID: 1111

Present: Frank, Torre, Chander, Ruth

Agenda:

1. [[%ATTACHURL%/vdt-lhc-client-tools-v2.doc][vdt-lhc-client-tools-v2.doc]]: Plan to add LCG Client Tools - Alain (Alain will be on vacation, unfortunately)

CMS cannot test all the Client Tools because CMS does not use the LFC and has no access to these services. Frank will prepare and send a table of which tests CMS will test. Torre says there is an LFC at BNL which could be used. What is the role of Trash/Trash/Integration here? These are new services in the release. If these are in the general release then should be tested in the Trash/Trash/Integration TestBed? Should other VOs be testing that the inclusion of this s/w does not affect them?

ATLAS says the plan looks fine. May not need to use LHC Client Tools on WNs because Jean Philippe is providing an HTTP access method. Might be possible to include these only temporarily.

2. Recommendations for CAs for OSG to accept - Mine (May be postponed)

3. Messages from the program officers

Black out dates for January review: Last week of January Chander is not available. Frank teaches. A Thursday review would be good. Week of 19th is an ATLAS s/w and computing meeting. The strawman is therefore the 15th January.

4. Progress on Year 3 planning - Chander

Value is that the plan comes from the area coordinators themselves. Parts under the overall Production and Facility that are still rough and have clear ownership. Chander will send a new version today. In a week will go through this with Frank and Miron when they are visiting on 13th September. Are people available for all tasks or are there tasks that don&#39;t have identified staff? in 1.0 and 3.0 higher level task sets. People say they have enough staff for their areas but Chander is not necessarily in agreement. Chander will add a flag for &quot;Concern about staff availability&quot;;

5. Status of new organization

New organization in place. Management plan revisions - goal to complete in a week. Production meetings will be at 3 pm Tuesday. What happens to the Facility Action Item Register? Need to revisit the Executive Board and make it more effective.

6. Report from WLCG-EGEE-OSG meeting:

   * Action item for Mine/Alain: make pass/fail list of the software in the VDT to see what logging exists now, to the level of 1/2 days effort to do this. 
   * Action item for Cristoph/Mine: Prioritize command line tools and make educated estimates of effort needed to implement, test, deploy for a joint phone meeting in early October. 
   * Action item for OSG/Dashboard: test ingest and display of Condor job monitoring information into dashboard to show status of running jobs. Dashboard instance to be hosted at CERN. Support people in WLCG/EGEE would find monitoring information useful that tells which jobs fail where; what jobs have disappeared who knows where. 
   * Action item for ?Mine? - EGEE security really wants the provenance of a job at a CE and who submitted it from where. What information do we have on OSG for this, and what could we have from Condor-G? Can we go back to the submission site and see what happened to this job on the submission site.? 
   * Action item for Rob Quick: Is OSG interested in code that takes additional monitoring data out of the batch system such as James is/has developed? 
   * Action item: RobQ, James: Now we have successful reporting of reliability/availability we will map the site to the new name until it is proven end-to-end that the new name is being correctly reported by the WLCG reports. Can we agree on immutable names that get mapped when site/service names change? (note: Ruth thinks there are other fragilities with the end-to-end reporting). 
   * Action item: Erwin/Ruth: put security &quot;use case walk -through&quot; on each joint meeting agenda. 
   * Next Meeting: 8th - 9th Dec Fermilab. Start early on 8th. Finish just after lunch on 9th. Is this CMS week? The OSG Trash/Trash/Blueprint will be midday on 10th and full day on 11th at Madison. It is also the week of an interoperability workshop in Indiana. 

7. Top Items for/from the Action Item Register:

   * Follow up on SBGRid Quarterly phone call. 

Will add SBGRid tasks to the WBS. Will be organizing a task force with on going effort to address SBGRid issues. VO Coordinator will be asked to take ownership of the VO problems and issues.

   * Close down of D0 task force 

Have made good progress on the efficiency of use of the OSG through the task force. Have proven the viability of shared storage. Frank&#39;s worry is that we not push the burden of improvements too much into the court of the VO. Need to give D0 a break, write the report and declare a success.

Impirical data from two month ago show a low efficiency ratio. data from the last couple of weeks shows data with many days which are dramatically better efficiency as measured by wallclock hours. 95% for 9/4 on many sites. The usage has moved between one band of efficiency to a higher one and a new plateau. Need a way to show this.

[[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Action_Item_Register_09-01-08.xls][OSG_Action_Item_Register_09-01-08.xls]]: OSG_Action_Item_Register_09-01-08.xls

-- Main.RuthPordes - 28 Aug 2008

