---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Tim S, Rob Q, Steve T, Suchandra T, Brian B, Gabriele G, Andy B, Anand P, Ted H, Burt 

---++ Organizational info
   * Twiki: makes sense to put information here: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/InformationServices/WebHome.  Anyone can update (BH will get started)..
   * SVN: Subversion repos exist at UNL and U Chicago.  Suchandra and Brian will link them up and publish the endpoints.

---++ Infrastructure improvements: not for 1.0 timescale

---++  Static information 
   * 60% done refactoring the configure_osg shell scripts into more managable python.  Interface similar but added features (can take a text file for input, do error-checking, generate appropritae files; can create a config based on existing config for backwards compat.)  Should be done with development by Mar 1.  ST (with input from BB).

---++  Dynamic probes
   * dCache: new revisions query srm space reservation DB and dCache admin interface.  Creates entries for SRM servers, gridftp servers, SA paths, set up local VO views -- only thing it does not do is top-level Glue SE.  Current work is to backport as patch to 0.8.0 GIP.  Will talk to Paul Millar who is working on dCache API for GIP for OSG 1.2 timescale (BB, AP).  [Clearly we need to make sure this gets well-tested in the ITB]
   * Batch systems: probes not working for some batch systems (LSF, SGE?).  (effort TBA -- BH, AT for now?)
   * Implementation improvements (for example: batch system timeouts return 0 batch slots as information!) -- some changes can be made to timeout defaults to mitigate some issues.  We&#39;ll look at how to improve error propagation with the understanding that the GLUE implementation does not have one-to-one maps to reflect these errors in general.

---++  Validation
   * Glue syntax checker: Brian has a script in SVN, this should be part of the ITB checklist

---++ Operations
   * OSG ITB BDII currently has a filter to remove non-Glue compliant information from the feed.  Will discuss pushing to production at next OSG Operations meeting.
   * Redundant BDIIs to be discussed also -- keep in mind this requires CEMon configuration changes on the clients!

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 27 Feb 2008
