<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> Minutes2009Feb11 &lt; Accounting &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Accounting/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Accounting/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Accounting/Minutes2009Feb11?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit Minutes2009Feb11" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Accounting/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Accounting/Minutes2009Feb11"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Minutes2009Feb11"></a> Minutes2009Feb11 </h1>
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
 <li>
 <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Introduction">Introduction</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Attending">Attending</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Apologies">Apologies</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Gratia"> Gratia</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Action_items_from_previous_meeti">Action items from previous meeting:</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Release_Status">Release Status</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Gratia_AN1">Gratia</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#OIM">OIM</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Services_Operation">Services Operation</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#OSG_Fermi">OSG/Fermi</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#RSV">RSV</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#OSG">OSG </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#WLCG">WLCG </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Fermi_CD">Fermi/CD</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Any_Other_Business">Any Other Business</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#To_be_discussed_later">To be discussed later:</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Log_Files_and_Monitoring_Activit"> Log Files and Monitoring Activity</a>
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Introduction"></a> Introduction </span></h2>
<p />
Minutes of Gratia meeting <ul>
<li> Last meeting: <a href="/bin/view/Accounting/Minutes2009Feb04" class="twikiLink">February 04</a>
</li> <li> Previous meetings: <a href="/bin/view/Accounting/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a>
</li> <li> Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/PhilippeCanal" class="twikiLink">Philippe Canal</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/ChrisGreen" class="twikiLink">Chris Green</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/MineAltunay" class="twikiLink">Mine Altunay</a>
</li> <li> Arvind
</li> <li> Rob
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianBockelman" class="twikiLink">Brian Bockelman</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<!--
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/PhilippeCanal" class="twikiLink">Philippe Canal</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/ChrisGreen" class="twikiLink">Chris Green</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/JohnWeigand" class="twikiLink">John Weigand</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">Ruth Pordes</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/DanYocum" class="twikiLink">Dan Yocum</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/MineAltunay" class="twikiLink">Mine Altunay</a>
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/BrianBockelman" class="twikiLink">Brian Bockelman</a>
</li> <li> [[][]]
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Apologies"></a> Apologies </span></h2> <ul>
<li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/PenelopeConstanta" class="twikiLink">Penelope Constanta</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="mailto&#58;karunach&#64;nhn&#46;ou&#46;edu">Karthik Arunachalam</a>.
</li> <li> Diana Bonham.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/PenelopeConstanta" class="twikiLink">Penelope Constanta</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/ChrisGreen" class="twikiLink">Chris Green</a>.
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">Jeff Mack<a href="/bin/edit/Main/JeffreyMack?topicparent=Accounting.Minutes2009Feb11" rel="nofollow" title="Jeff Mack (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Main/StevenTimm" class="twikiLink">Steve Timm</a>.
</li> <li> John Urish.
</li> <li> Margherita Vittone.
</li> <li> <a href="mailto&#58;karunach&#64;nhn&#46;ou&#46;edu">Karthik Arunachalam</a>.
</li></ul> 
<p />
-->
<p />
<h1><a name="Gratia"></a> Gratia </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Action_items_from_previous_meeti"></a> Action items from previous meeting: </span></h2>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Release_Status"></a> Release Status </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Gratia_AN1"></a> Gratia </h3>
<p />
Philippe: Development focused this week on reducing memory footprint and improving run-time performance.
<p />
<h3><a name="OIM"></a> OIM </h3>
<p />
Arvind:  For resource and Site, we have an input interface.   We do not have the input interface for VO yet.  Do not have yet the capability of 'selecting' reports.
<p />
Chris: VO report do not use the OIM information yet because we have a few more changes since last time we sync.
<p />
Philippe: It is time to sync up one last time and start using OIM.
<p />
Arvind: this is fine.
<p />
Chris: Did you populate the science information yet?
<p />
Arvind: No because I am no idea what each VO do (as science).
<p />
Rob: I think we should wait until we have an input interface because we are not able to accurately question all the cases.
<p />
Mine: What about the probe name changes.
<p />
Philippe: This is on my plate somewhere near the edge.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Services_Operation"></a> Services Operation </span></h2>
<p />
&gt;<cite> BTW, I believe that FNAL should be reporting to gratia-fermi-transfer which will</cite><br />
&gt;<cite> replicate to gratia-osg-transfer rather than reporting directly to gratia-osg-transfer...</cite><br />
<p />
Fixed.
<p />
<h3><a name="OSG_Fermi"></a> OSG/Fermi </h3>
<p />
Chris: Switch to individual VMs happened last Friday.  Some issues with transfer probe because one ip alias was 'hidden' and we did not know about it (fnal.gov vs opensciencegrid.org).  Delay induced by personnal leaves/sickness.
<p />
Ruth: Chris should address those delays with Keith and understand if there is/should be a SLA.
<p />
Brian: Who is responsible when Sites stop reporting to Gratia.
<p />
Rob: Yes GOC should issue tickets when a transfer probe stop reporting.
<p />
Chris: The probe are pinging the collectors even when they have no data to report.
<p />
Arvind: Is that true also of the RSV probes?
<p />
Arvind: We are in the process on automating the creation of those type of tickets.
<p />
Rob: Let's make sure that the support team is not overwhelm by the number of tickets.
<p />
Chris: my big wish is that GOC would integrate with the DB that contain the downtime information.
<p />
Chris: For operation also the tomcat memory setting was mis-use and lead to lack of memory for the tomcat jvm.  We now have a default page pointing to the reporting page.
<p />
<h3><a name="RSV"></a> RSV </h3>
<p />
Outage report:  Rob and Arvind are fine.
<p />
Brian: all my comments were addressed.
<p />
One issue is the dependence on the server at Nebraska, this lead to a short outage.
<p />
Brian/Arvind: "Brian will let Arvind know within a week when he can deliver an
installable package for the WLCG algortithm webservice"
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG"></a> OSG </span></h2>
<p />
Brian: What about Transfer reports.
<p />
Philippe: Estimate is not yet available.
<p />
Brian: I really need this before next Wednesday.
<p />
Brian: Coming up is a request for Storage Capacity requirement for Gratia ... i.e replace for storage probe.   Overlapping effort for keeping track of installed capacity.
<p />
Mine: Why is this accounting?  Isn't it static?
<p />
Brian:  This is not static and we want to have an historical view.
<p />
Mine: How is CMS requirement affecting things?
<p />
Brian: The CMS requirement and the WLCG requirements are about the same.  CMS might be epsilon more.  
<p />
Brian: The current version of the storage is hard to install and only work with dcache 1.8 and nobody is using it. 
Brian: Instead of having a separate software for gip and gratia, I think we ought to merge the code.
<p />
Mine: If we are writing requirement for Storage now, what does it mean for Gratia team?
<p />
Brian: If we do as I proposed, their will be some work to be done to merge the GIP and Gratia provider but this should benefit by supporting bestman.
<p />
Philippe:  Transfer probe?
<p />
Brian: Only 3 dcache sites are still to be installed.  BNL will install it next updates.  For bestman, (gridftp), probe is setting in the ITB stack.  Hopefully, next few next.   We will start with SLAC.
We currently have an order of 10 sites reporting and probably 5 to go.
<p />
Ruth: Do each of those site have their own collectors?
<p />
Brian: No, only Nebraska and FNAL do.   I was not really aware that we were pushing for local collector.
<p />
Chris: We do not have summary level replication, so it would not be a great gain to have local collector (in term of processing time).
<p />
Brian: For individual collector, we probably should target Tier1 first.  CMS is done but ATLAS should also be done.
<p />
Brian: Transfer probe almost up to speed.  What are the current projection?
<p />
Philippe: less than 3000 summary record per day.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="WLCG"></a> WLCG </span></h2>
<p />
ras
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fermi_CD"></a> Fermi/CD </span></h2>
<p />
ras
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Any_Other_Business"></a> Any Other Business </span></h2>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="To_be_discussed_later"></a> To be discussed later: </span></h2>
<p />
<h1><a name="Log_Files_and_Monitoring_Activit"></a> Log Files and Monitoring Activity </h1>
<p />
Andrii: We have discussed with Tanya, she is unclear on the scope and goal of the activity.  
<p />
Ruth: This is not part of your 'storage' work.  It is supposed to be 15%.
<p />
Andrii: I am ready to start on this.  
<p />
Ruth: The request came from Dzero and other, we should meet probably tomorrow.
<p />
Mine:  What about Aaron? Is he back?
<p />
Andrii: There are many ideas, I could write down.  But we need to understand who is the target audience.
<p />
Ruth: We need the information for troubleshooting, security and auditing.   Mine is thus a strong stakeholder.   
<p />
Mine, Ruth and Andrii will meet on Monday.
<p /> <ul>
<li> Who should coordinate request for access to OSG logs? and how?
</li></ul> 
<p />
It is up to the sites to decide whether they will allow logs to be accessed. The OSG privacy policy guides what OSG can do - <a href="https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=741&amp;version=12&amp;filename=PrivacyPolicy_v3.9.pdf" target="_top">https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=741&amp;version=12&amp;filename=PrivacyPolicy_v3.9.pdf</a>
<p />
    * Doug Thain will be coming on Feb 19.</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Accounting<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Accounting/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Accounting/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>Minutes2009Feb11</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r5 - 11 Feb 2009 - 20:57:21 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/PhilippeCanal" class="twikiLink">PhilippeCanal</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />