-

 
---++++ 2012-08

Replacing Alain as Software Area Coordinator
   * UW/Miron has appointed Tim Cartwright as interim
      * Tim is currently being coached by Alain and the ABCD mtg, which continues for the moment
      * this setup is probably OK for 2-3 months with support from Brian and Dan, which gives a time scale for getting a more permanent replacement
   * ET discussed possible candidates within Software Area or elsewhere in OSG
   * UW obviously is in charge of Software/VDT, which is a UW &quot;deliverable&quot;, with help from other institutions
   * ET realizes there is the general coordination of software area vs running the software effort at UW
   * talking points:
      * requirement: engaged and committed to OSG
      * half time not enough, at least 75%
      * concerns about linking the Software Area Coordinator position w/ Condor release manager
         * Condor and VDT release mgmt could be linked
         * however, Software Area coord could be separate from VDT release manager function (e.g. both at UW)

CA contingency/recovery plan
   * was presented to the Council and discussed there. 
   * following the ET discussion, we shall inform WLCG about the plan, in particular that WLCG will have to accept a non-IGTF CA as a backup in the event of CA failure. As far as we know, no other entity in WLCG has a contingency plan for a CA failure, so very likely there is no precedence. The OSG plan is driven by cost, and the option to accept a non-IGTF CA seems better than having no contingency plan
   * several possible additional contingency studies were considered, but the ET recommends to stick to the plan as defined and do no significant follow up work.



---++++ 2012-06

Networking Group
   * Shawn McKee has agreed to join OSG on 25% basis to champion this effort
      * Funding will come from n5y money, by &quot;back-filling&quot; carry-over from old funds (Miron working on no-cost extension)
   * ET encourages Miron to continue looking for a networking person at UW 
   * networking group to have &quot;outreach&quot;/political components interacting with network providers, WLCG network group, USLHC networking etc
   * organize workshop to clarify networking are, and to engage ESnet and others?

Morgridge Institute
   * funding for MI to come out of UW allocation, zero-sum, PI to be Brooklin Gore
   * Miron will propose &quot;baseline&quot; effort for MI, Chander will prepare budget etc

Technology Area
   * ET endorses report from Technology Area re/ impact of possible Globus support issues
   * ET members prepare for discussion on possible GRAM replacement: Condor vs CREAM, scheduled for staff retreat/Trash/Trash/Blueprint mtg in July
   * LATB to organize phone call re/ proposed Glue 2.0 transition in WLCG: Burt, Ruth, Brian

PKI/CA Project
   * ET agrees Jim Basney to work with VOs help make the transition to the new DNs
   * ET to think about &quot;ownership&quot; of software: Software Area vs GOC, Ruth, Chander to follow up with Areas

User Support
   * Chander to take care that OSG has &quot;entry point&quot; for individuals looking to use OSG: &quot;login service&quot;, web pointer, email etc

---++++ 2012-05

PKI/CA subproject
   * Ruth Pordes is charged to oversee that subproject and report back to the ET.


-- Main.LotharBauerdick - 13 Jun 2012
