---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Shawn, Gabriele, Tim T., Rob Q., Katherine, Bo, Mine

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---++ Operations and Communication - Rob Quick 
   * Last Report February 11 (April 8 Cancelled due to lack of quorum)

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * Clemmie departing FNAL and OSG Communication
   * opensciencegrid.org
      * &quot;text bubbles&quot; on home page updated
      * All hands meeting photo added
   * Heavily involved with AHM Planning and Execution
   * New Research Highlight on Fermion project at Duke, Genetic Diversity and Food Security, and Protein Folding
   * SPHENIX article will be out soon
   * Pushing out as many research highlights as possible over the next year, strategically focusing on articles that look good to funding sources
      *   * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Upcoming Newsletter Articles]]
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * Rob, Kathrine, and Kyle tweeting/retweeting items. If you have short items you&#39;d like sent let one of us know. 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Blog vs. Newsletter? 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
      * Good progress on load issues
      * Beta services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
      * Plans for hardware and archiving being discussed. 
         * Hardware arrived yesterday, will be racked later this week
      * Additional focus by Shawn and Soichi seems to be paying off
      * Next big test is moving data from current location to a new location
   3. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
         * Operations Collector fully functional and [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgstatushistory/index?datasource=statushistory&amp;start_type=7daysago&amp;end_type=now&amp;rg=on&amp;rg_406=on&amp;active=on&amp;active_value=1][stable]] 
   4. Accounting
      * Upgrading to Multicore accounting has been a struggle. 
      * Mostly due to the moving target nature of the project.
         * First Update - Sent multicore information as separate record to APEL. 
         * Second Update - Updated multicore reporting from SSMv1 to SSMv2
         * Third Update - Combined reporting due to SSM upgrade and APEL&#39;s inability to process separate records, first test rendered Gratia unusable and queries were evicted
         * Forth Update - Brought in FNAL DB to find proper queries on summary data rather than main DB, numbers 20-30x too high.
         * Finally brought in Software team to help, making progress but still undone. 
   5. OASIS V2
      * Significant progress made
         * All components moved to production
         * Some initial instability, but this has resided
   6. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
      * OSG Environment Discovery
         * Based on job activity not registration
   7. Software Carpentry Workshop
      * Completed
      * Low attendance due to timing issues with mid-terms
      * Some good ongoing contacts obtained
   8. High Throughput Computing Challenge (A DHTC Scavenger Hunt) for AHM 2015
      * Learned a few more things, plan to continue this based on 2016 AHM planning committee recommendation
   9. Added ITB instance for !XRootD redirector
   10. I was named to the Planning Committee for [[http://htcaas.kisti.re.kr/wiki/index.php/AMGCC15][AMGCC]] - Autonomic Management of high performance Grid and Cloud Computing

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Soichi now 50%
      * Bill Barnett leaving as IU PI in July
      * I will take on interim management duties of the ABITC group during July
   2. Service Additions Adding Up
      * We&#39;ve moved from &quot;Currently sustainable but there are limits&quot; - Worried about effort going forward. 
      * OASIS - Version 2.0 - See below
         * Additional ITB services requested
      * !PerfSONAR data store and visualization
      * !CondorCE Info Service (now in place) 
      * !XRootD Redirector
      * PKI Updates for !DigiCert contract end
      * Others?
   3. Resources are aging and becoming insufficient
      * Recent PerfSONAR additions have brought us to our current resource limit
      * Expect some new PerfSONAR hardware to be ordered shortly, but this will not solve all issues
   4. !PerfSONAR
      * Waiting for Validation Scripts
      * Purge Corruption Issue still needs follow up
   5. OSG Connect 
      * Participation in the weekly Operations Meeting is on/off
      * Account Administration
      * Topology
   6. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   7. BDII Deprecation
      * CMS dependency now removed
      * Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting upcoming

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Communication: Blog vs. Newsletter. No immediate changes for now.
   2. Services are adding up: investigating configuration management practices to reduce effort required to bring up new services


Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Staffing: Bill Barnett leaving as PI in Jul. Soichi ramping down.
   2. Upgrade to multicore accounting - now converging, but above expected effort
   3. Need to acquire new hardware to support current operations. Budget is available.
   4. BDII deprecation and expectation management with Atlas


Key Accomplishments
   1. Communication: Several New research highlights produced
   2. Networking Dashboard: progress on load issues. Data corruption issues still being resolved. Production HW arrived on Tue; expected to commission mid next week.
   3. OASIS v2 near completion, albeit with large delay
   4. Completed Software Carpentry Workshop -  low attendance due to midterms, but gained good contacts



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 28 May 2015
