---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Wednesday, August 10th, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. &amp; Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees
Brian Bockelman, Mine Altunay, Rob Gardner, Rob Quick, Chander Sehgal

---++ Agenda

   * 1.7 Security - Mine Altunay
   * 3.1 Metrics &amp; Measurements - Brian Bockelman, Rob Gardner ([[MetricsAnalysisAug2011][Metrics Analysis 3.1.1]])
   * 3.2 Communications &amp; Education - Miriam Boon

---+++Security 
---++++ Items from the Last meeting
   * Security Test and Controls (WBS item 1.7.1.1.4). This was a high priority item. We created a plan for executing the controls and executed the plan. This item has been completed. A summary report will be finished and distributed to OSG management in the next two weeks (WBS 1.7.1.1.4). 
   * Documentation for end users on managing certificates. Marko has completed the documentation. We are currently working with documentation team to find appropriate places on twiki to publish this documentation (WBS 1.7.5.4). 
   * There is no updates regarding DOEGrids CA RA portal changes. We sent an update to the ESNet management clearly stating that we are not prepared for such a change. 

---++++ New items: 
   * CA layout changes. Transition to a layout compatible with openssl v 1.0. All code changes and ITB testing had been completed. Production made the release yesterday (August 9, 2011). The old caches are still available and there will be no interruption to production. The new caches will not be widely announced to OSG community.  We are planning to gradually switch OSG sites to the new cache. We will start with most-experienced site admins first and invite them to use the new cache. (WBS-1.7.1.3.1 &amp; 1.7.1.3.3.) 

   * Possibly new WBS item. Preparing rpm packages for security scripts (vdt-ca-manage, command-line get-cert scripts)

   * Identity management work is gaining steam. The roadmap (WBS 1.7.2.2) is completed. A plan based on the roadmap is created. It is waiting for management approval. CILogon integration work (WBS 1.7.2.1) is also included in the roadmap and will be completed before Sept 2011 (unless the plan is rejected by osg mgmt) 

   * Jim Barlow is leaving end of September. His percentage is currently  reduced to %35 and Jim Basney has joined OSG at %15. When Barlow transitions out, Anand will take over the operations (comm with EGI security officers, security announcements, response, vulnerability assessment, etc). We already started transitioning these responsibilities so Anand will have enough time to learn. 

   * Continue support for T3s (T2 and T1 included when necessary) (1.7.1.2.1). Tier 3 team (Marco and Dan) and security team had agreed that Marco will invite the security team to Trash/Tier3 meetings as needed and we will provide support on identified topics. We have not received any request from tier3 group yet. I hope silence means there is no problems with security. 


   * OSG Summer school and summer workshop are completed. (WBS 1.7.5)

   * Continuous operational tasks are performed normally. 

---++++Stalled WBS items:
   
   * Transitioning the Pakiti service to GOC. (WBS# 1.7.1.2.2) This item has not been staffed yet 
   * Understand security needs of virtual machines/clouds. (WBS # 1.7.3) This item involves educating the security team about the risks involved with virtual and cloud based environments. It gets effort only when high priority items are complete. 
   * Prepare how-to guides for users. (WBS item 1.7.5.1) I propose to drop this item from the list. I do not see how we can finish this. This item is about how to securely configure and install VDT, how to securely operate a site, etc. The effort allocated to this task is Igor Sfiligoi with 10% of his effort. Igor&#39;s effort is only sufficient to provide materials at major grid events such as Grid Schools, South American grid school, AHM, etc. Besides these events, he has no additional time to prepare separate tutorials. 



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 14 Jul 2011

