---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Suchandra, Anand, Tony
   * Apologies: Ted (furlough), Brian (sabbatical)

---++ OSG 0.8.0 fixes
   * Release 0_8_0rc3 pushed to Alain for VDT 1.8.1 -- bugfixes and commented out dCache storage provider

---++ OSG 1.0 release
   * Release 1_0_0beta0 pushed to VTB.  PBS sites get warnings when running configure_gip since the static ce and cesebind files are not generated for PBS; we&#39;ll check on creating zero-length files or suppressing the warnings.

---++ OSG 1.2 release
   * Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting at the next GIP meeting, let&#39;s figure out what we want to go into this release!

---++ Next Meeting: April 9, 10 am CDT
