---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  &lt;nop&gt;%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Tuesday November 3, 2009 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 11:00 am Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 510-665-5437 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 2222 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.AbhishekSinghRana, Main.IwonaSakrejda, Main.MichaelThomas, Main.JamesWeichel
---++++Regrets
Main.BrianBockelman, Main.SuchandraThapa.
---++ Agenda/%BLUE%Notes%ENDCOLOR%
---++++1. Status of  Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone
Waiting update for new install scripts?

---++++2. Storage System Documentation
   * Tanya and Jim have drawn and/or discussed a logical, organizational, and physical view of the storage subsystem to identify what documentation needs to be added/changed.
   * The organizational view suggests we should focus specific documentation for:
      * Small VO (i.e. University)
      * CMS T3
      * ATLAS T3
   * Discussion of current storage documents in ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome.   See StorageDocReview.
   * Discussion of the current storage documents within the storage team area.  (Hadoop documents are being created there now.)  See StorageDocReview#StorageTeam

---++++3. Next Steps

   1 %BLUE%Update  Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone for new install scripts - Iwona by 11/4
   1 Review  Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone when Iwona is finished - Tanya by 11/5
   1 Test  Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGsiFtpStandAlone - Robert by 11/10 %ENDCOLOR%
   1 Want to base structure of documentation on system architecture - Robert/Jim %BLUE%(Abhishek volunteered to coordinate with VOs when we are ready to make the structural change that will break incoming links to the documentation)%ENDCOLOR%
   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established - Robert/Jim
   1 Testing TWiki plugin to meet feature needs - See TechnologyUsed for a list of features and proposed technology - Robert/Kyle
   1 %BLUE% Review pages in StorageDocReview and annotate in %RED%red%ENDCOLOR% on the page  - Tanya by 11/10.%ENDCOLOR%
   1 Complete analysis and then a proposal for Storage Documentation that can be reviewed - Tanya/Jim


-- Main.JamesWeichel - 30 Oct 2009
