---++ Minutes OSG Council 10 March 2011

---+++ ANNOUNCEMENTS (Kent)

Annual report submitted to DOE in January.  Next report to NSF due:  annual, then final.  Next done in June.  If we get extension, then do a final report when over (3 months).

OSG Prime proposal was submitted Monday, RP will say more. 

Piotr will talk about AHM.  Request that we talk about bio session as well. Preparations for next AHM should be discussed as well.

Approval for one year extension from DOE.  Chander: news that we did get agreement on budget and disbursement schedule from Alan Stone. It’s satisfactory.  Frank will present more.

Satellite model – discuss these proposals.  Growth in usage for OSG over 4 years is very impressive. Computational time in hours is around 30 million.  For non-physics, top user is LIGO, then Engage, SBgrid, GLOW.    

Tom Furlani stepped downas one of the two VO reps last August. By-laws, subcommittee looked into the need for representation 2 years ago and decision was endorsed fully by the council at that time.  Do we still need to have two VO reps?  Shaowen’s term ends as of this meeting, time on agenda tomorrow for this.   Question: every VO doesn’t have a rep on council. There are about a dozen. For those who don’t have a vote, two reps exist and do we need them.  Kent is also stepping down as co-chair as of end of funding at Caltech.  August Face to Face would be a good time to address this.  Should we do a one-day Face-to-Face council meeting in August? Where?  

Will go over action items at end of Friday.


---+++ MAIN AGENDA

Piotr summarizes AHM.  Starting early helped. A two-week registration deadline is recommended to help w/ logistics.  Overall attendance: 152 or more (maybe not counting workshop); At least 150 attendees every day.  About the program: success overall, some concerns about how rigorous we were about not having slides on the panel, time, etc, which meant running behind schedule.  Miron comments that this is a cultural shift.  Recommend deciding program committee already now.  Another thing was adding the Council meeting, which made the whole thing 5 days.  Perhaps mix Council with conference to reduce number of days.   Comments are made that in fact there were already “too many” things going on at once.    Comment on that, that this is more the shift, to have parallel sessions.  Maybe hold ATLAS/CMS meetings separately, e.g.  Maybe limit the experiment facilities meetings to a day, with more general content.

RP comments that the Tier meetings result in better attendance at OSG, that this is all good.  Were ATLAS and CMS brought into program committee planning?  Yes.  Would be great to also have STAR parallel.  Miron: no ideal solution, want as much synergy as possible.  Maybe day 1, 2 and 3.  ATLAS and CMS perhaps second day, SBGrid could have parallel session, and STAR.  Maybe don’t need focused parallel sessions Monday. Many good planning suggestions for next year.  David will appreciate discussing lessons learned offline with Piotr.

Bio workshop – ran well. 25-30 people. Different approaches, key players from each community.  Will post talks.  Attendees (Miron, Ruth, Chander, et al) agree. It helps us to hear what others are doing.   Nice coverage of community, good collection of people.  Not real much (a little) cross-participation; OSG agenda looked pretty specialized.

Kent felt the breaks and lunches were longer than in the past (they were), which is useful.  

---+++EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REPORT

Blog – John Halamka, CIO of HMS 

AHM Plenary:  All agreed it was an excellent meeting, very collaborative, well-run. Vendor presentations were appropriate.   Were there more people than last year? About the same.  

Throughput – physics, non-LHC, non-physics.  About 250 publications.  Had an internal review of draft proposal.  Very valuable; we thank the reviewiers.  It was more than a review, it was a ‘brain trust’.  Forced all to articulate to someone who is engaged, to learn more, as well as someone who was not familiar, describe who and what we are.  One thing they pointed out was what is our architecture ( slide 5).  Resource service counts growing.  Service across VO’s.  Optimum number of VO’s? We say there is none.  New entrants.  Question: did they add resources to OSG?  They will.  Have defined a structure as one VO, another VO, and management/moniroting VOs.  SLAC doesn’t define, if they can make opportunistic use…   Discussion about support.  
Action Item:  We will come up with action items!

---+++OSG-XD Interfaces (John Towns)

Have been going thru a process of awarding XD program. Was asked to blend them. NSD will meet in May, anticipate to approve it.  Start date July 1 anticipated. Have extended TeraGrid additional 3 months to meet that and have continuity.  $21 million over 5 years, expect additional 5 years to be decided during year 3, prefer 10-year project.   OSG will be service provider in XD.  User support – an FTE funded specific to OSG and people funded.  In advance of July 1, there is a meeting Apr 5 and other activities.  Chander asks about quarterly meetings – one is on 6 April, not really beneficial for anyone here to be there.  Equivalent of all hands will be invited.  Governance structure of XD includes a service provider forum, two reps of whom will also serve on an advisory board.

---++++Exec Director continued…

New Entrants (continued)

ALICE, Belle, CSIU, Dayabay, many tier-3s.  Indiana multi-site VO (McCaulay comments) lots of participants outside physics.  

Americas Partnerships – next steps.  GridUNESP Sao Paolo, Colombia Univ. de Los Andes.  Question about VO, institution, facilities groups.  Americas initiative – Collective VO rep .

Summer school – June at Wisconsin.

Reminder of organization (slide 13).  Operations – handled its 10,000th ticket.  Documentation, protection and ID management, HTPC will be presented later, and was presented over past few days.  Campus infrastructures – WI, NE, Purdue, Notre Dame, OK, Langston. Blueprint: Miron comments that Brian Bockelman really did a great job pulling this together – please read!  We also need help keeping this document alive. Provide feedback to Miron, or a mail list will be created.  

Partners, satellites, supplements. Steve Tuecke (on phone) MPS has agreed to roughly two FTEs for a year for CDIGS and other.  Supplement has gone in. Work needed?  Pulled stuff back, not come to conclusion yet.  OSG and future – sustain and extend. Budget agreed around one-year extension.  Preparatory workshops.  Report from Distributed Computing (et al) workshops.  Discussion of who attended and asked questions, and networks. 

Supplementary docs / Status and Plans

NSF proposal, Supporting Quotes, WBS, Project Description, et al.  

Comment from R. Mount about SciDAC and institutes…  Chander:  Both Alain and Rich have said the same.  Miron: Expectation is OSG will bring to the table what we’ve done – help make it a success, not convince why should be part of it.  Question is how we translate what we know to a broader landscape.  ASCR institutes – significant amount of post-award work, discussion around institutions’ docking ports.  Better off asking, when there are questions. Emphasis always on one comprehensive proposal that has everything in it. NSF proposal was for full program of work.  SciDAC is a break in that model, doesn’t include application, meant to be a separation of OSG and institute.  OSG co-founded by NSF and DOE, whereas institute is a SciDAC institute.  Definition of an institute, opportunity to ….  Overlap in personnel for institute and OSG.    Vicky:  Don’t you have to understand the landscape rapidly? Coherence in the letter of intent.  Frank: I’d describe our reading that we’re the only ones can provide a vision without specifics that is still credible.   Miron:  There’s a need to provide an over-structure.  Someone will have to run these institutions for Oscar.    Discussion about software providers.  

SciDAC and new science, cart before the horse (Vicky)?  Frank: If you’re working from a perspective of support the transition to next round of machines.  Miron comment about exoscale …   Discussion.  Recognition of being part of XD is significant.  Impact on community, describing in broader terms.  

---+++Resources Manager Report (Frank Wuerthwein)

Big picture – 5-year OSG project coming to an end, project is on sound financial footing until 3/31/2012.  SOWs for FY11 completed Fall 2010 for 12 institutions, disburse FY11 funds into two stages.  Next steps are to establish funding, and most importantly, secure funding for OSG’ period starting 4/1/2012.  Chander adds that as part of DOE budget discussions, no carryover is expected as of March 2012.  Vicky: Is there a suitable commitment that we’ll get a budget while we still have time to spend it.  Prefer to spend, and have another one-year extension.  

---+++Update on Campus Infrastructure and Tier-3s (Dan Fraser)

Easy way to utilize additional campus resources (don’t need grid credentials), even on another campus.  So these users have access to OSG.   Enabling usage – easy if already a tier-2 or tier-3.  User can install.  Question about footprint (Kent).  Vicky: how does support work?  Not trying to engage with all end users. Trying to have one champion per campus, who works with campus grid team.  Would be a good problem to have.  Rob:  Seems to be more of a Condor model?  No, they’re separate.  It is a different standard.  Milestone is to have the package delivered through VDT.  It’s community support.  Should be in the proposal, and if you don’t see it, bring that up.  This is using the term “production” in a different way – we need more terms.  Looking for campuses to participate.  This first campus is a prototype.

---+++CS Student Fellow Report (David) - and comments - (Miron)

Derek Weitzel – fellowship; Thesis being finalized.  Mentor plus OSG staff. Swanson, Bockelman, Fraser.   Miron comment:  Definitely a success story.  He’s continuing on for a PhD and OSG was very much a help there.  One concern (RP) is this is computer engineering, not computer science.  FW: Are other people on the horizon?  RP: inquiry from Brookhaven.  Key is a local mentor who’s clearly engaged.  

Miron:  Glidein factory people need to interact with the site.   KB: How to define opportunistic use of the factory? ML: We don’t have a mechanism for that across VOs.  OSG as an XD service. Define opportunistic as 30%.  OSG doesn’t have a say in how that’s allocated, except within the engage VO. In the engage VO, we can go and say give this guy more/less.  

VW comment that joining OSG means you control who can use your resources, but you’re expected to share.   R. Mount:  The issue is we run a very serious computer center, and we get no financial support to share those resources.   Lothar:  For CMS, benefits of OSG are big enough that it is a good balance.  Balance can be different for different sites. Discussion continues around this.  

FW suggests taking small, pragmatic steps toward monitoring or controlling the tickets.  Revisit, possibly approach collaboration management about priorities. 

Point of clarification – from what Vicky read, does this refer to VO, site… answer:  “member”.  Perhaps “member” needs clarification. 

What about someone who wants to join as ‘users only’?  There is no point.  Why join, then?

---++ Minutes OSG Council 11 March 2011

No announcements – agenda schedules us to finish 12:30pm

---+++Metrics and Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment Report (Rob Gardner)

Metrics as component of where we’re going with different activities and the OSG’ proposal.  Metrics analysis is part of the current OSG program of work, evolving into assessment.  There are of course disparate activities. Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment looks at them, following processes: identify, collect, create analytics and narratives, organize into portfolios.  Lothar:  To report, or to feed into decisions of the organization?  Yes, both. Executive team is very interested. There are concrete outcomes, monthly reporting.

Vicky: How many people do we have working on this? 50% of RG, small percentage of area leads.  This is a fine starting point.  Many of us look at metrics but don’t go back to it. We can capture them.    Chander: What are early candidates?  Software.  Dan F: Not sure software is the best place to start.  RP: What’s in the program of work, maybe not starting next few months, maybe later.   As we transition, we’ll measure the assessment/amount of effort.    ML: Weakest link is measuring whether effort is worth the result.  Understand what goes into the various activities.  RP: We have disparate data, could be pulled together. T. Hacker:  For NEES, we have a lot of this.  The problem is if you start collecting information, need to roll it up into strategic plans.  RG and TH talk later, leverage what NEES has done.  More discussion about how this works for NEES and striking the right balance, and what we call the cost of running OSG.  In Exec Team, we tend to discuss things before but not after they happen.  We define deliverables for phases, there’s a specific time line, but no formal mechanism to look at the dashboard.  

Key Analytics (slide 5) – OSG is a distributed, high throughput community, and we don’t really have OSG-wide validation or measurement.  Throughput efficiency, discussion about CPU resources.  ATLAS and LCG measure in CPUs, not terabytes.  Walltime efficiency.  WLCG Normalization.  Questions and discussion around applied vs. basic research.  

Immediate work (slide 12) – WLCG normalization/reporting into rational state, opportunistic use, gather/organize assessment, metrics, assessment workshop, blog, monthly reports.  RM: Any way to estimate efficiency benefit to having grid for LHC (BaBar didn’t have grid)?  Would be great to know.  ML: How do you measure efficiency?  RG: One thing in ATLAS tier-2s that we did was detailed cost/benefit analysis. Maybe do that OSG-wide.  

---+++SATELLITE REPORTS

   * HTPC – Dan Fraser
Two familiar models – this method is sort o in the middle.  A number of users in different fields.  Seven sites so far.  Exploring new ways of using HTPC.  GPUs came up. There are some machines at FNAL, maybe put them on OSG.

   * ExTENCI – Paul had to leave for airport

   * ANI – Frank
100 Gbit network backbone.  ANI funds mostly the hardware between Argonne and NERSC.  Our role is to use the connection in a close to realistic way.  The intention was moving data between the two.   No disc space at Argonne – hardware will just be some CPUs to receive the data.  Some concern that Magellan gets thrown off before the pipe gets turned on.   A bit of a messy situation they are sorting out.  It’s a three-year thing,  hardware resources will disappear 1 Jan 2012 (Magellan), 100 gigabit system arrives in October, so they have a month to prove concept.  It’s still in flux.  It’s interesting. We are getting software enhancements from this. 

   * OSG-TG Summer Student Program (Tim Cartwright/Alain - remote)
Conference program – was done last summer, very good and positive feedback.  One-week summer school late June, will accept 15-20 students, who will get HTPC and OSG training, will be at the same time as OSG staff retreat.  The students go to TeraGrid conference after.  We work hard to follow up and be good mentors, mixed success with that aspect.  Funding pays for student travel/accommodation, doesn’t cover 

   * CoralWMS Mats Rynge in for Ewa
It’s an integration project between old Coral and GlideinWMS. Now in 2nd year. First year goal was main integration.  Now working; uses GlideinWMS factory.  Improved monitoring and debugging.  One major thing is they had a face to face, and a big decision was made re: product branding.  Confusion over Coral vs. Glidein, hard to sell the users as it was hard to explain the relationship.  Will be called GlideinWMS, and there is a Coral front-end for it.  Distribution and documentation channels will be GlideinWMS website for both.  Users:  LIGO (OSG task force to help), SKEK (one of the original Coral users), DiSun collabor…. (??)  Action: Ruth -- SOMEBODY will have a meeting about iRods??     Last community is (NASA??) …galactic workflows?  This is one of the driving test cases for us.   Finally, where we’re going next is to keep on working with existing users on integration, but we’ve also decided to take two new side roads – workload across infrastructures, where the plan is to run Kepler data on OSG, and we’re going to shift effort to VMs and clouds for a while.  

   * Proposed: Any Data/Anytime/Anywhere (Frank)
The initiative bridges ATLAS, CMS, WLCG and OSG.  Background:  LHC experiments figured out that replacing data is a problem, and the means and capability to relax the requirements was discussed at a June meeting.  This is the closest to being a common denominator across ATLAS and CMS.  Architecture (CERN and SLAC are major partners) deploys global system, open source community includes ATLAS and CMS people.  Future directions include two additional major thrusts – load leveling across tier-2s, and caching. Need to manage, and make sustainable at a reasonable level of effort.  A white paper was authored by ATLAS, CMS, OSG, WLCG and presented to NSF.

---+++Collective VO representation (Kent/Paul)

Thirteen VOs are represented on council by two reps, both of whom are now off council.  It’s a challenge to have a few reps for that number of VOs. They are diverse.  To address this, recommend designing an OSG-wide framework to engage these communities together.  There’s no way, probably, to avoid a gap in representation, probably until OSG’ is funded.  So ET put effort into assigning someone who may not be a member of the collective VOs but is prepared to reach out and represent them.  That is going on at some level (Cander refers to Abishek). They come forward with their needs…   How much does it cost to do support is the fundamental question (per Kent).  R.Mount:  If there’s almost no representation, this speaks of areas of potential growth that are lacking.

Kent had discussed with Shawon, who commented that his own VO was easy to represent, but it’s really hard to pull together the 13 diverse communities.  Has been done in the project (per Ruth), closer collaboration , …    RM: Maybe this is a user support function, and user support is tasked to make sure the info flows, but to just have two unfilled chairs is glaring.  These chairs have gone unfilled before.  Charter includes the chairs.   

VW:  This is a governance, not operations, board.  Could replace the reps with a very detailed report, but that takes them from other things.  Ruth: Given this will take more effort, should we try it once and get feedback from Council?  

ACTION:  Make sure the OSG’ proposal is consistent with the by-laws, and vice versa.  By-laws should reflect reality.  Kent will come back with recommendations to changes to by-laws.

This is another element of how much does it cost to do support.

RP:  What is the process to change the by-laws?  Someone proposes, it is passed by a (70%?) majority.   We tried this before, and a subcommittee and decided absolutely we keep the VO chairs.  

ML:  Is it a question of money?  Kent: We’re competing between reality and philosophy.  More discussion about whether there is enough concern that these VOs are represented, and that reality is that everyone is mostly concerned with their own pond.  Lauret says the VOs tend to be small, so not really having the effort available to fill this.  ML suggests there is not ‘someone’ concerned enough to serve as the orphanage. 

Ruth:  Council co-chair has a concrete suggestion, based on his study of the situation.  Kent doesn’t have something specific in mind.  Missing step is that he hasn’t read the proposal, but could he do that before next Face to Face?  Yes.  And he’ll bring a document back to council to reflect that.

FW:  One thing to consider:  How new communities join – may be a useful way to think about representation on Council.   KB: There’s a gap there as well. We can exist as a Council up to 30-something members.  We have 20-22 now.  So with all the growth, council has not grown.  ML mentions that 30 is perhaps a high number.  RP: We’ve also evolved our structure in terms of satellites and other, which has only in a limited way been reflected.  Project PIs are not all members of council.  

KB:  Disconnect – should PIs be on council?  He doesn’t think PIs should be.  ML:  Number of institutions – argues that beauty of OSG is that we have stakeholders.  Coordination is essential.  For size and activity of council…   RP: It’s huge overhead to have people not involved in day-to-day required to keep up.  

Council should not be involved in day to day, should get reports.  Kent disagrees for co-chairs.  Current proposal does not have council chair as paid position.  If it’s half an FTE, council has to find a way to fund it.  VW makes analogy that this is a board of directors.  Some companies have paid BOD, some don’t.  Discussion about LIGO policies.

ML:  Council isn’t responsible for the project, it’s responsible for something bigger.  LIGO’s commitment to OSG is high throughput computing at a high level.  RM:  Projects and how much they allow people to dedicate effort to something like OSG at significant levels.   Then does council have to say to a project that we need to get funding.

More discussion around funding, paying for communications, monitoring and prioritizing effort.  Consortium could be a non-profit organization, and members could pay a small amount and that could fund the council.  SBgrid does this.  

Someone has to check if this is doable, having OSG as a non-profit.  Will it turn people away?  Council may need to vote on this, would need a well thought out motion.

We had a motion, an action item to look at it and it wasn’t a priority but could become one, to be presented at a meeting soon.  The project was charged with it and could complete that item.  

Lothar supports the idea. Ruth proposes we do something such that we remain open, make it a small contribution by council on behalf or organizations they represent.  Chander suggests that setting up the structure isn’t the issue, but if you have an entity, how does it interact with its members?  RP:  NLIT and NLCIO are good examples.  Not clear that smaller activities can support this.  

VW discusses NLIT and NLCIO as examples.  

Discussion around raising and spending money at all, comparison to collaboration boards and OSG doesn’t have a host lab.  

Co-chair currently funded by project at 30%, since his collaboration wouldn’t do it.  This is an audit issue for LIGO.  FW: Just have council just manage its own business.  

External advisory board.  It fits our ecosystem, but has been difficult to implement.  This fits with the discussion of the future of OSG council.    

Lauret suggests a subcommittee.  Our experience is that it becomes a brief recommendation, passes, and then comes up again like today.  

Kent:  Same level of effort that went in to writing the proposal has to go in to defining the council that fits with the new era.  Suggests whole council has to get together in less than 6 months.

Funding by experiment – willingness to pay for these things if it fits the collaboration’s mission.  But not if it doesn’t.

What about a model where OSG chair only spends 10%?  KB: cycles would have to be distributed, so it’s still 50% effort, organizational change to council.  

FW:  There are three things, perhaps not take them all together.  1)  Should OSG be a legal body?  2)  If so, fees?  3)  And then, how to define and pay for work council does?

Examples are given of defining effort, obligations to do shifts, head count economy, discussion of many different ways to do this and obstacles.

Chair must stay in touch, can’t delegate truly understanding the projects and must really understand them in order to put together a meaningful agenda.  Just having good administration/communication to support doesn’t cut it.

Our reviewers thought the PI should be part of the council.  

In the era of satellites, partnerships, really rethink the structure and the council.  

ACTION:   Organize another face to face ad hoc council meeting 

Workshop will be organized (this has to do with NEES, it’s Rob and Tom Hacker, NEES/ATLAS) – maybe August.  Could conflict with Council face to face.

ACTION (Kent):  Date for ad hoc:  doodle poll for mid-late May, probably at ORD.
	Also doodle poll for August – first week.

Adjourned at 12:37.

-- Main.JenniferNahn - 23 Mar 2011
