<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> November-10-2009 &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/November-10-2009?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit November-10-2009" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TWISTYPLUGIN_TWISTY--><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.css");
</style>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js'></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiPref.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// <![CDATA[
var styleText = '<style type="text/css" media="all">.twikiMakeVisible{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleInline{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleBlock{display:block;}.twikiMakeHidden{display:none;}</style>';
document.write(styleText);
// ]]>
</script>

<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>

<!--TABLEPLUGIN_twikiAttachmentsTable--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:top;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {background-color:#eceef2;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#e0e3e9;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#ffffff;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#f2f3f6;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol0 {text-align:center;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol1 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol2 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol3 {text-align:right;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol4 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol5 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol6 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol7 {text-align:center;}
</style></head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_Council_Monthly_Teleconferen"></a>  OSG Council Monthly Teleconference </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
</li> <li> Meeting ID: 1111 
</li> <li> Date: Tuesday November 10th, 2009 
</li> <li> Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
</li> <li> Attending: <strong>Kent Blackburn, Chander Sehgal, Jim Weichel, Rob Quick, Paul Avery, Scott <span class="twikiNewLink">McCauley<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McCauley?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="McCauley (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, Rick Snider, Ruth Pordes, Brad Abbott, Shaowen Wang, Sebastien Goasguen, Piotr Sliz, Richard Mount</strong>
</li> <li> Regrets: <strong>Horst Severini, Michael Ernst, Jerome Lauret</strong>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda_Minutes"></a> <strong>Agenda/Minutes</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Announcements"></a> Announcements </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Horst Severini; New DOSAR Representative (permanent)
</li> <li> Ann Chervenak stepping down as OSG Council Representative to GLOBUS Alliance.
</li> <li> Doug Olson is appointed alternate to OSG Council Representative to STAR.
</li> <li> FNAL will host the next OSG All-Hands Meeting, March 8th - 10th 2009: <a href="http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2871" target="_top">calendar</a>
</li> <li> OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting Thursday, March 11th 2009 at FNAL (day after All-Hands Meeting)
</li> <li> SC09, Nov 14th - 20th, Portland Oregon. <ul>
<li> Who is attending? What common OSG themes will exist in exhibits and presentations?
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_from_the_OSG_Execu"></a> Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Rob Gardner: Report on the Grid Colombia workshop (If Rob is able to call in) <ul>
<li> see report below.
</li> <li> Council for endorsement of Rob and Jose submitting a small PASI proposal for next year.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Ruth: OSG Executive Director Report <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-Nov09-2009" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-Nov09-2009</a> 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Chander:   <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/November-10-2009/OSG_PjM_Report_10Nov09.pdf" target="_top">Report from OSG Project Manager</a> <ul>
<li> Year3 wrap-up
</li> <li> Year4 SOW status
</li> <li> Year4 CMS, ATLAS, LIGO work requests
</li> <li> Year4 WBS status and plans
</li> <li> What is the OSG perspective in committing compute hours for access by the <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> allocations process; opportunistic only ?  opportunistic with some minimum ?  etc.  Need discussion and input from Council members to help me represent OSG at the TG Allocations Meeting in San Diego on Dec 2,3.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Jim Weichel: Documentation Project &amp; VOSS Workshop at Caltech in Feb'10 <ol>
<li type="A"> Documentation Alignment - <span class="twikiNewLink">Trash/DocumentationTeam<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/DocumentationTeam/WebHome?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="Trash/DocumentationTeam (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> <ol>
<li> Documentation Goals <ol>
<li type="a"> Establish ownership, policies, and processes for documentation 
</li> <li type="a"> Implement standards and technology to support documentation processes (annotation, document rating, standards, templates)
</li> <li type="a"> Improve organization, searching, and role specific views
</li> <li type="a"> Evolve documents to meet standards
</li> <li type="a"> Provide T3 documentation
</li></ol> 
</li> <li> Current Status <ol>
<li type="a"> <a href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocProcess" class="twikiLink">DocProcess</a> definition (draft), <a href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocOwnerResponsibilities" class="twikiLink">DocOwnerResponsibilities</a>, <a href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocReviewerResponsibilities" class="twikiLink">DocReviewerResponsibilities</a>, <a href="/bin/view/Documentation/DocTesterResponsibilities" class="twikiLink">DocTesterResponsibilities</a>
</li> <li type="a"> Produced <span class="twikiNewLink">InstallDocContentRequirements<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/DocumentationTeam/InstallDocContentRequirements?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="InstallDocContentRequirements (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and template for <span class="twikiNewLink">DocInstallTemplate<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/DocInstallTemplate?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="DocInstallTemplate (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> and Install document for <span class="twikiNewLink">GsiFtpStandAlone<a href="/bin/edit/ReleaseDocumentation/GsiFtpStandAlone?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="GsiFtpStandAlone (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li> <li type="a"> Testing various TWiki plugins (on a test TWiki instance)  
</li> <li type="a"> Working on structure for documentation (plan - model after high level architecture of OSG software)
</li></ol> 
</li> <li> Next Steps <ol>
<li type="a"> Verify process integrates with current ITB and release processes
</li> <li type="a"> Make improvement in storage documentation
</li> <li type="a"> Set up TWiki to automatically track and manage documentation
</li></ol> 
</li></ol> 
</li> <li type="A"> VOSS Workshop (February 15-16 at Caltech) <ol>
<li> Summary of Project findings (SBGrid, STAR, LIGO, Engage, IceCube)
</li> <li> VO Discussion on their software development and challenges
</li> <li> Identify actions to improve functionality of software ecosystems
</li></ol> 
</li></ol> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Rob wasn't available to discuss the Grid Colombia workshop. Ruth described the small PASI proposal's scope. The Council for endorsement of Rob and Jose submitting the PASI proposal for next year.
<p />
Ruth gave a summary of the Executive Director Report (see link). Ruth reported that the SAG would use telephone calls to communicate. It wasn't clear if this would be one on one or multiple individuals at once. No intent to do face-to-face meetings. At 3 individuals accepted based on there being no face-to-face meetings. Ruth reported that she was unclear what the next steps would be regarding the outcome of the JOT meeting in DC a few weeks ago. Ruth request Council endorsement for having Brian Bockelman work with Miron for the next 3 months to prepare a display or local ASCR presentation of the operations and metrics. The Council did endorse this request to have Brian work on this for three months. Ruth reported senior personnel from the original OSG proposal and the changes in institutional involvement since then. Ruth proposed who would be involved with the effort as a core team to develop the outline for the proposal, document architecture and participating senior personnel. This core team would report to the council December or January. The core team would interact mostly by email. Pioter asked if he should solicit any information from the bio-community. Ruth suggested that Piotr, Ruth and Miron get on the phone to discuss this prior to his meeting with the bio-community. Ruth thinks that based on impressions from the funding agency, that the March date for having the proposal ready would be premature. Ruth also reported that there is not likely to be a review of OSG early in 2010.
<p />
Chander reported on progress on year 3 WBS tasks and planning for year 4 (see presentation link). Chander asked for guidance and input from the Council for how the OSG should provide cycles for <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>. Sebastien suggested forming a TG VO that <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> users. There has been some success within the OSG with asking for dedicated cycles for short well defined stretches of time. One idea was to present allocations to <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> on short time intervals where agreement with resource providers could be secured. Chander is planning to attend the TG allocation meeting in San Diego.
<p />
Jim Weichel reported on the Documentation Project which started in late spring. (see inline notes from Jim). The Documentation Project is going well. Kent asked if Jim had thought about the role of a Documentation Project in the future of OSG. Jim felt that there would be a place
for a Documentation Project in the next round of funding for OSG. Jim also reported on plans for a Virtual Organization Software Workshop to be held at Caltech in February. Exact date may change. 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_from_OSG_Council_C"></a> Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Summary/Status of the ExTENCI Proposal
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Paul reported on the ExTENCI proposal, a joint TeraGrid/OSG proposal to the NSF to define collaborative work between the two. This proposal has been submitted in Fastlane just last year. Its about a million dollars per year for two years. Various technologies are proposed for support. One of the goals is to have cyber infrastructure that applications can use across both environments. Plan to scale back the time period for work on this if the funding levels are reduced.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_for_Pending_Action"></a> Status Report for Pending Action Items (see <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems" target="_top">List</a>) </h3>
<p /> <ol>
<li> Promote the appointment of “Collective VO” representatives: <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> Review current organizational structure for the OSG Council: <strong>COMPLETED</strong>
</li> <li> Develop capability to measure the science domains being served by OSG resources: <strong>COMPLETED - SEE ITEM 12</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate concept of placing small scale parallel (MPI) clusters some OSG sites: <strong>Owned by OSG Executive Team</strong>
</li> <li> Develop a plan to support virtual machine user/apps: <strong>Owned by Jerome Lauret, Ruth Pordes, Sebastien Goasguen</strong>
</li> <li> Bring Area Coordinator Reporting to the monthly Council telecons: <strong>Owned by Kent, Paul, Members of Executive Board</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate how best to stagger Executive Director Term to account for current overlap with Council Co-Chairs and provide continuity: <strong>Owned by Kent, Paul, Richard Mount</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate how best to stagger Council Chair(s) Term(s) to account for current overlap with Executive Director and provide continuity: *Owned by Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
</li> <li> Evaluate how best to establish and exercise Science Advisory Group (SAG): <strong>Owned by Ruth Pordes, Scott <span class="twikiNewLink">McCauley<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McCauley?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="McCauley (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>?, Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz</strong>
</li> <li> Establish a subcommittee of the Open Science Grid (Executive Board) to determine how to migrate effort from core activities to provide support and architecture for the long term: <strong>COUNCIL RECOMMENDATIONS DELIVERED TO OSG EB</strong>
</li> <li> Evaluate risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems: <strong>Owned by Bill Johnston</strong>
</li> <li> Inform and iterate with the OSG VO Liaisons regarding the collection of science domain metrics. Work with VOs to accurately define their science domain areas for the purpose of these metrics: <strong>Owned by Scott McCauley</strong>
</li></ol> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
No report on Item 4.
<p />
Item 5 was reported by Sebastien. VM testing at a large scale is underway with STAR. Investigating the use of EC2 was determined to be postponed or abandoned as EC2 is already available to anyone on OSG that wants to use it by getting an account with Amazon. For a large scale they are looking at 100 or more VMs. Discovered that the Condor VM universe is supported by 900 cores on the OSG. STAR is looking into test this. Some problems have been found. Two sites providing VM hypervisors. Awaiting an official report on results.
<p />
<p />
Item 6: Kent reported that this is a work in progress and we have seen area coordinator reports in the Council meetings.
<p />
Item 7 and 8 have overlap and the two teams working on these are making progress and will be getting together to come up with a unified proposal for both. Piotr added that he would welcome any further ideas for consideration.
<p />
Item 9 was reported by Ruth in the Executive Director's Report
<p />
Item 10, no report 
<p />
Item 11, Bill Johnston has been asked to present on his findings at the next OSG Council Face-to-Face at Fermilab.
<p />
Item 12, Scott reported that they have 3 or 4 VOs that they are still waiting to hear back from regarding science domains. The scope of this should include end-to-end inclusion to support VOs with many domains. Need to be able to give a report to the Council that shows how many hours each domain used. There is some thought and development work needed to capture this fully. 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Round_Table_Virtual_Organization"></a> Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues: </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Ongoing Goals/Milestones 
</li> <li> Planning for the Future
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Going around the table:
<p />
DOSAR: (via email from Horst) Not too much new other than the <span class="twikiNewLink">GridUNESP<a href="/bin/edit/Council/GridUNESP?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="GridUNESP (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> updates I've been giving at the weekly Forum meetings. They're making progress with their OSG installation, but are currently very busy in preparation for their participation in  the SC09 bandwidth challenge.
<p />
SBGRID: Everything is rolling well, will be starting a large submission next week. Suggestion that Ian Stokes-Reese be included in the Architecture discussion. Ruth will add him.
<p />
CLEMSON: Working on a probe to allow <a href="mailto&#58;Einstein&#64;Home">Einstein&#64;Home</a> BOINC jobs to be reported to Gracia. They think they broke the collector with the test probe yesterday. Still working on the development and delivery of this probe.
<p />
DZERO: Preemption has been a problem, but after talking with a lot of people about this, the MC has gotten a lot better. DZero publications are not showing up on the publication page for the OSG. Kent asked for a followup email which he will redistribute.
<p />
CDF: Have also had issues with preemption. Policies seem to change and there are a wide range of policies on preemption. Typically have to discuss with site admins to find someone that knows what is happening with preemption.
<p />
INDIANA: Getting ready to release SLAs for all services. Already SLAs for critical services. Should be done in a few months.
<p />
SLAC: Nothing special, Richard will look at the term limit questions.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </h3>
<p />
<p />
<strong>Rob Gardners email report on Grid Colombia Workshop:</strong>
Dear OSG-EB,
<p />
I wanted to summarize a few items from the Grid Colombia workshop completed last week in Bogota, Colombia.   The (two-week) workshop can be seen as an expanded version of previous OSG-EOT workshops in that we partnered with the PIs of the Grid Colombia initiative (a project funded within the RENATA research network) to meet their particular objectives as part of a 3-phase program launching a NGI (national grid initiative) for Colombia.   The workshop was led principally by Jose Caballero (OSG Latin America outreach coordinator), myself (in an interim fashion to meet prior EOT coordination commitments in the UChicago SOW), and locally by the Grid Colombia leadership team of Harold Castro Barrera (Universidad de los Andes, a private, leading university in Colombia) and Enrique Gonzalez Guerrero (Javeriana Universidad, a leading Jesuit university), both computer scientists.
<p />
First week: "Scientific Computing on Grids":
<p />
We had a mix of traditional pedagogical lessons (the tutorial materials adapted from previous EOT schools which basically take students from fundamentals to the point of job submission with Condor-G) and guest OSG lecturers providing discussion and working lab exercises illustrating the use of OSG with actual production systems (including Panda, <span class="twikiNewLink">GlideinWMS<a href="/bin/edit/Council/GlideinWMS?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="GlideinWMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>, OSG-MM &amp; Swift) and new tools such as the OSG storage discovery toolkit.   Each student worked from a desktop machine and could login to servers at UC prepared with unix accounts, student proxy certificates, and OSG client software for the simple tutorial exercises, the OSG-MM and <span class="twikiNewLink">GlideinWMS<a href="/bin/edit/Council/GlideinWMS?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="GlideinWMS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> job submission exercises.  Thanks to our volunteers: Burt Holzman (FNAL/CMS), Mike Wilde (UC/Computer Science), John <span class="twikiNewLink">McGee<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McGee?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="McGee (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> &amp; Mats Rynge (RENCI/Engage), Brian Bockelman (Nebraska/OSG), Ted Hessleroth (FNAL/OSG), Pedro Salgado (BNL/ATLAS),  and Marco Mambelli (UC/OSG) during this week.  
<p />
Second week: "Grid Infrastructure Building":
<p />
The goal was to build a small test-grid consisting of prototype Grid Colombia sites supported by a "site" with central (GOC-like) services.  Students were divided into 5 teams building small clusters starting from scratch and an additional "GOC team" that would install central services, all on the available local (private) network.  To support this we setup infrastructure at UC including a Grid Colombia Pacman cache, and provisional central services to serve as example deployments and initial CE configuration targets, including a <span class="twikiNewLink">ReSS<a href="/bin/edit/Council/ReSS?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="ReSS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> service, a CEMon aggregator + BDII server, and an OSG match making service (we planned, but did not deploy test central collectors for Gratia accounting and RSV data).
<p />
Grid Colombia test-sites installed and/or configured machines hosting OSG-Client, GUMS, Condor master and pool nodes, OSG CE, an NFS server for /home/users and the $OSG directories, Ganglia, and a user accounts system based on simple distribution of /etc/hosts files (etc) and SSH keys.  Dozens of user and host certificates were issued and installed through the OSGEDU VO.  Sites reported on their progress at the beginning of each day with problems encountered and next steps (in a mix of Spanish and English!).  Many of the students found problems in our documentation and proposed fixes which were incorporated on the spot.  In addition we had guest lectures on GUMS from Steve Timm (FNAL/CMS), Grid Operations from Rob Quick (IU/OSG GOC), site security best practices from Anand Padmanabhan (NCSA/OSG Security), and a CE install demonstration via Adobe Connect from Suchandra Thapa (UC/OSG).  Online support via a dedicated OSGEDU Campfire Chat room was provided by Marco Mambelli, Suchandra Thapa, and Steve Timm (for GUMS).  At the end one site got to a site with functional Condor + GUMS + CE + Ganglia systems; three of the sites got as far working Condor systems plus additional OSG services including working GUMS installations; one got an SE installed, several CE installs in various states of configuration progress.  The GOC team deployed a <span class="twikiNewLink">ReSS<a href="/bin/edit/Council/ReSS?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="ReSS (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> instance.  All participants requested their personal, host and service certificates using the OSG-client cert-scripts package.
<p />
We were hampered somewhat by the 100 Mbps network connection into the room and peculiarities of the VLAN and installed OSes; we deployed a local squid server to proxy pacman '-gets' from the Grid Colombia cache in Chicago (and therefore VDT in Madison), which worked nicely after some configuration tuning and initial loading (done at night).
<p />
The last day was devoted to project planning and developing a program of work for Grid Colombia based on progress made at the workshop.  There are enthusiastic plans to deploy 12 Grid Colombia sites by the end of the year using OSG software.  There will be another workshop in February/March (U de Bucamaranga) in which OSG has been invited to provide a follow-up component to the site building modules given here and to offer guidance / assistance in setting up their nascent grid.  Note Grid Colombia has partnered with the generously funded/staffed EELA-2 education, outreach and training programs as part of a larger EGI strategy for Latin America.  Colombia has both CMS and ATLAS universities and we met with representatives from each.  CMS (at U de los Andes) is running happily with gLite while ATLAS at Universidad Antonio Nariño will be trying out OSG.  Lots of discussion of options and strategies for Grid Colombia.
<p />
Jose and I want to thank everyone who helped with the workshop in particular the guest experts who stepped up with both intellectual content and personal effort.  We will have some lessons and recommendations for OSG activities in these areas including student survey results in a separate email to OSG management.
<p />
Regards,
<p />
Rob and Jose
<p />
More details:
<p />
Attendance: 34 participants including university faculty, technical staff and students from 17 university from throughout Colombia.  A majority of students attended both weeks.  Approximately 80 students applied. 
<p />
The meeting URLs are:
<p />
Agenda in Indico:
   <a href="http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2832" target="_top">http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2832</a>
<p />
Organizational wiki:
   <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Education/GridColombiaWorkshop" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Education/GridColombiaWorkshop</a>
<p />
Technical documentation for practical hands-on, integrated with 
OSG <span class="twikiNewLink">ReleaseDocumentation<a href="/bin/edit/Council/ReleaseDocumentation?topicparent=Council.November-10-2009" rel="nofollow" title="ReleaseDocumentation (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> where where possible and useful starting
points for future training modules, including simple cluster setups:
   <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/GridColombiaWorkshop2009" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/GridColombiaWorkshop2009</a>
<p />
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
</font>
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> - 03 Nov 2009, Main.Ruth - 10 Nov 2009</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
<div class="twikinetRounded twikinetRoundedAttachments"><div class="rCRounded"><div class="rCTR"><div class="rCTL"></div><!--/rCTL--><div class="twikiAttachments">
<div class="twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline">  <span id="topicattachmentslistshow" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleopen.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span> <span id="topicattachmentslisthide" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleclose.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span>  </div><!--/twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline--> <div class="twistyPlugin"><div id="topicattachmentslisttoggle" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyContent twikiMakeHidden twistyInited">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table summary="Topic attachments" cellspacing="0" id="twikiAttachmentsTable" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="rows" border="1"><caption>Topic attachments</caption>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009?cover=print;sortcol=0;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">I</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009?cover=print;sortcol=1;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Attachment</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009?cover=print;sortcol=2;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Action</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol3"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009?cover=print;sortcol=3;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Size</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol4"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009?cover=print;sortcol=4;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Date</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009?cover=print;sortcol=5;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Who</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/November-10-2009?cover=print;sortcol=6;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Comment</font></a> </th>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <img width="16" alt="pdf" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/pdf.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">pdf</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/November-10-2009/OSG_PjM_Report_10Nov09.pdf">OSG_PjM_Report_10Nov09.pdf</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/November-10-2009?filename=OSG_PjM_Report_10Nov09.pdf;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3 twikiLast"> 41.8&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4 twikiLast"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">10 Nov 2009 - 15:49</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/ChanderSehgal" class="twikiLink">ChanderSehgal</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> &nbsp; </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</div></div> <!--/twistyPlugin--></div><!--//twikiAttachments--></div><!--/rCTR--><div class="rCBR"><div class="rCBL"></div><!--/rCBL--></div><!--/rCBR--></div><!--/rCRounded--></div><!--/twikinetRounded--></div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>November-10-2009</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r24 - 12 Oct 2016 - 15:08:16 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />