+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Mine, Dave D., Tim C., Tim T, Gabriele, Shawn, Katherine, Brian, Rob Q., Rob G.


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.



---++ Tim Cartwright - Software

Since 2 December 2015.

---+++ HTCondor-CE

HTCondor-CE continues to take a fairly low and steady amount of Software effort, as appropriate for its age and increasingly widespread deployment. Most development is driven by specific site needs.

   * Version 2.0.0 added HTCondor-CE View (developed by Derek Weitzel)
   * See below for more detailed notes on support

---+++ Enterprise Linux 7

Visible progress continues to be very slow on finishing support for Java software on EL&amp;nbsp;7, primarily due to technical difficulty and effort (i.e., developers need to get other things done, too). But we did release some packages yesterday:

   * Hadoop (esp. HDFS) 2.0.0, using the same version as previously released for OSG 3.2 and 3.3
   * A few more low-level dependencies for the remaining !BeStMan (?), Gratia, GUMS, and VOMS Admin

---+++ !StashCache and CVMFS-over-StashCache

The !StashCache project is mostly focused on deployment and first production use, so the Software team had little to do with it.

However, the CVMFS-over-StashCache project is more active, and we did some package updates to support it:

   * In the Upcoming repository (for February): CVMFS 2.2.0 and updates to its associated OSG configuration package
   * In the main repository: small feature updates to !XRootD LCMAPS and a bug fix for the !XRootD-HDFS plugin

---+++ Releases

With the February release yesterday, OSG 3.2 is now deprecated and hence receives only critical updates (plus all CA certificate and VO client data updates, at least one of which occurs in nearly every release). Rob Quick announced this milestone to sites and declared the End-Of-Life date for OSG 3.2 (and support for EL&amp;nbsp;5!) for August 2016.

---+++ Other software updates

   * OSG PKI tools: added support for hostname aliases, fixed a bug with certificate requests
   * VOMS Admin server: fixed “Sign AUP on behalf of user”, disabled unnecessary CA check
   * RSV perfSONAR: improved warnings and message handling
   * GUMS: fixed a locale-related bug

   * Created a new Yum repository for GOC software&amp;nbsp;&amp;mdash; but *we have no policy or procedure yet* for releasing software to it (!TimT)
   * Reduced the size of worker-node client tarballs by removing unnecessary software dependencies
   * Updated: cctools, glideinWMS, Gratia, !GridFTP-HDFS, GSI-OpenSSH, HTCondor (8.4, 8.5), !MyProxy, LCMAPS (upstreamed memory fix), VO client data

---+++ Documentation

Our documentation continues to receive light effort, but almost all of it is proactive and not reactive&amp;nbsp;&amp;mdash; in other words, we do not get a lot of complaints. Since early December, we:

   * Updated the RSV installation guide
   * Tried to resurrect the add-a-site-to-OSG guide&amp;nbsp;&amp;mdash; *Chander? Bo?*
   * Prepared a list of useless or obsolete documents to remove

---+++ Software and Operations

There are a couple of places (at least) that we have identified recently where Rob Quick and I need to adjust and clarify the division of responsibilities between the Software and Operations teams.

   * APEL reporting script&amp;nbsp;&amp;mdash; Operations is doing software development
   * Repository update system&amp;nbsp;&amp;mdash; Software is doing operational tasks

We discussed both of these items, agreed to a high-level approach for each, and will follow through on plans.

---+++ Support

The Software team is averaging about 5 active site support issues every week, in additional to other random GOC tickets that come our way. Since the last report, we have helped:

   * CERN
   * Caltech (moved to HTCondor-CE)
   * Clemson (PBS or something is killing pilots randomly and cleaning up badly, causing bad-put)
   * FIU (thrashing pilot, narrowed to one machine; Gratia issues, in progress)
   * Harvard (moving to HTCondor-CE)
   * MIT (Gratia not reporting correctly; CE is thrashing)
   * NERSC
   * Northwestern
   * OSC (Globus GRAM PBS SEG issues, awaiting update to Globus package with fix; no plans to move to HTCondor-CE)
   * Utah (new to OSG, just getting started with site planning)
   * Vanderbilt (old version of CE does not report needed data)

---+++ Concerns

   * Last (fiscal) year, the Technology Area leads (Brian B., Tim T., and I) tried to meet quarterly to review plans and the WBS. I found it helpful to set aside time for this kind of bigger-picture review, but we have not done any reviews this year.

   * Long-term sustainability of our big Java software components (!BeStMan, GUMS, VOMS Admin).

---+++ Software Goals for Year 4

&lt;!--
   * Set SWNO = &lt;span style=&quot;color: white; background-color: #00D; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;&quot;&gt;abandoned&lt;/span&gt;
   * Set SWIP = &lt;span style=&quot;color: white; background-color: #F90; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;&quot;&gt;in&amp;nbsp;progress&lt;/span&gt;
   * Set SWDN = &lt;span style=&quot;color: white; background-color: #0A0; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;&quot;&gt;done&lt;/span&gt;
   * Set SWNS = &lt;span style=&quot;color: white; background-color: #D00; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;&quot;&gt;not started&lt;/span&gt;
--&gt;

   1. Ongoing
      a. Routine updates to software packages
      a. Bug fixes to software and packaging
      a. Routine documentation updates
      a. Support installation and configuration of new OSG sites and HTCondor CE transitions
      a. Support ongoing use of OSG Software
   1. OSG 3.3
      a. Finish builds for EL 7 (GUMS, !BeStMan, VOMS Admin, etc.) [Mat, et al., Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Design and implement tiered meta-packages to fit site usage [Aug 2015] – %SWNO%
      a. Eliminate or overhaul full client packages [Aug 2015] – %SWDN%
   1. !StashCache
      a. Finish development of !XRootD shim [BrianL, Nov 2015] – %SWDN%
      a. Finish initial packaging and configuration for cache and origin servers [Nov 2015]  – %SWDN%
   1. Documentation Renovations
      a. Purge old, unused, unnecessary documents [TimC, Aug 2015] – %SWIP% (delegated to Brian L.)
      a. Work with users (new and old) to prioritize document updates [BrianL, Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Settle on new style for templates and reusable elements [TimC, !BrianL, Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Complete initial version of new, user-centered Release3 home page [BrianL, Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Update documents in priority order [all year] – %SWIP%
      a. Review and document glideinWMS architecture to better understand it [TimC] – %SWIP%
   1. Year 4 Projects
      a. Finish HDFS Healing integration and packaging [Jeff]&amp;nbsp;&amp;ndash; %SWDN%
      a. Investigate need for packaging work for OSG Connect [TimC] – %SWNS%
      a. Help OSG move from BDII to CE-Collector (and other things?) on demand – %SWIP%
      a. Rewrite (and split?) Gratia PBS/LSF probe – %SWNS% need design document
      a. HTCondor CE over SSH – %SWNS% waiting on Investigations
      a. Manage new stakeholder and internal projects that involve the OSG Software team [TimC]
   1. Year 4 New Features
      a. Package !AutoPyFactory [Jose] – %SWIP% (planned done in March)
      a. Package !PanDA [Carl] – %SWNO% no activity from ATLAS
      a. Help incorporate a generic HTCondor pilot job executable into the HTCondor source code – %SWNS% need help from HTCondor developers
      a. Migrate OSG software from Java 7 to Java 8 – %SWIP% (at least, our planning)
   1. Year 4 Internal Maintenance
      a. Finish IPv6 evaluation of OSG software [Edgar, Nov 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Move (most) OSG software sources to UW–Madison git and mirror to github – %SWIP% (plans nearly complete)
      a. Update Koji build system to latest version [Mat] – %SWNS%
      a. Review JIRA Software tickets and remove old and unnecessary ones [TimC] – %SWNS%
   1. Automated Testing
      a. Expand coverage of components and test cases – %SWNS%
      a. Improve expressiveness of test infrastructure – %SWNS%

---+++ Metrics

JIRA tickets for Software (blue) and Software+Release (orange):

%ATTACHURL%/jira-software-2016-02-10.png

---++ Release - Tim Theisen
---+++ Goals
   * Madison ITB
      * Current Goals
         * Bring Madison ITB into comprehensive release testing by the end of April
            * Slow progress here due to a typical release (January) just after the Holidays and a very full February Release (many different components to test) 
            * Install release candidates on the ITB site
         * Working SE (Storage Element) by end of April
            * Re-evaluating this goal, probably will implement !StashCache instead
   * Ongoing
      * Test and Release Software
      * Collect metrics on effectiveness
      * Collect new testing recipes

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

   * *Releases*
      * Since December 2nd
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3232][3.2.32]] IGTF 1.70, voms-admin-server-2.7.0-1.17
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release336][3.3.6]] IGTF 1.70, voms-admin-server-2.7.0-1.17, condor-8.4.2-1.2
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3233][3.2.33]] osg-pki-tools-1.2.13
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release337][3.3.7]] osg-pki-tools-1.2.13
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3234][3.2.34]] HTCondor CE 2.0, cctools 4.4.3, VO Package v61, !MyProxy 6.1.15, gratia 1.16.2, osg-pki-tools 1.2.14, condor-cron 1.0.11
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release338][3.3.8]] HTCondor CE 2.0, HTCondor 8.4.3, cctools 4.4.3, VO Package v61,!MyProxy 6.1.15, gratia 1.16.2, osg-pki-tools 1.2.14, condor-cron 1.0.11, HTCondor 8.5.1 in upcoming
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3235][3.2.35]] GSI-OpenSSH 5.7, !glideinWMS 3.2.12, !XRootD LCMAPS 1.2.1, !XRootD HDFS plugin 1.8.6, lcmaps-plugins-scas-client 0.5.6, IGTF 1.71, VO Package v63, VOMS admin 2.7.0, RSV-perfsonar 1.1.2
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release339][3.3.9]] GSI-OpenSSH 5.7, !glideinWMS 3.2.12, !XRootD LCMAPS 1.2.1, !XRootD HDFS plugin 1.8.6, lcmaps-plugins-scas-client 0.5.6, IGTF 1.71, VO Package v63, VOMS admin 2.7.0, RSV-perfsonar 1.1.2; Upcoming: CVMFS 2.2.0, CVMFS over !StashCache


   * Special Release: 1
      * osg-pki-tools
      * Fixed a problem in the PKI command line tools where &quot;Certificate Requests&quot; were being rejected by the CILogon Certificate Authority.

   * Defects found in testing
      * 0 of 7 tickets in December
      * 2 of 23 tickets in January
         * VO Package did not match intended update
         * limited proxies in blahp failed
      * 2 of 21 tickets in February
         * Missing dependency HDFS on EL7
         * bug found in internal tool (osg-ca-generator)

   * Beta Testing HTCondor Releases

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * ITB instance in Madison
      * Planning for testing usage for March release
      * Research deploying !StashCache

   * Policy and Procedure for releasing software to GOC repository

   * Collecting effectiveness metrics
      * Started tracking JIRA tickets submitted as a result of testing
         * Suggested enhancements or minor defects

---+++ Top Concerns

   * Missed goal of Using Madison ITB for testing
   * Lack of testing resources for EL 7
      * Using some resources at BNL
      * Should have fermicloud EL 7 VMs in a few days
      * Some ad hoc use of VMs on desktops and laptops


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. Focus on key software components: HTCondor-CE: added &quot;View&quot;; EL7: added support for Hadoop, Gratia, and dependencies for major Java applications - planning to use FermiCloud for testing; CVMFS-over-StashCache: released new CVMFS for the Feb repo; fixes on several other packages.
   2. Slow &quot;proactive&quot; progress on documentation
   3. Slow progress using the Madison ITB for testing; now targeting April release. Continuing collecting effectiveness metrics for release management.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Hard to reconcile the schedule of the area leaders to meet regularly. Did not meet in 2016 yet.
   2. Long-term sustainability of the Java software components (GUMS, VOMS Admin, ...)

Key Accomplishments
   1. OSG release v3.2 now deprecated - end of life for Aug 2016.
   2. 8 regular software releases and 1 special release

