---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Nov19][November 19]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Mine Altunay
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++WLCG Issues.

John: No problems. 
Brian: Monthly report cycle has started.

Brian: Some issue due to the RSV collector upgrade and missing communication of the downtime and change in database location.

Chris: RSV is now operating the latest version of the collector but may need to relocate their DB.

---++Fermi/CD Issues

Nothing to report.

---++Development Status

Chris: Working on documentation; looking at comment upon what I already have.

Brian/John: I still need to read the document through.

Ruth: Brian should bring the final document up into the OSG Production meeting.

Philippe: Working on a small report of which probe each site is running.

Mine: Could we include the batch system that are used?

---++Operational issues

Chris: Every at fermi when smoothly.  We helped RSV to upgrade to their collector and recover the data from backup (after their incident 3 weeks ago).

Brian: I will need to update the script that relied on OIM and RSV to be collocated in the same DB.  I am frustrated that I am only heard of the split of the 2 after the fact.

Mine: Is gratia counting RSV as usual jobs.

Philippe: Yes.

Mine: And you gave a recipe to be able to separate it, which says to create a specific Role under its VO.

Philippe:  Yes.

Mine: What about the other VO

Philippe:  Yes, each VO needs to do it.

Ruth: Actually I think the RSV jobs should be send under a specific, separate VO, for example MIS.

Ruth: Gratia Operation should join the operation issue.

Brian: this is only 1 hour of wall hour per day (0.002%)

Brian: I actually like the idea of having the Site admin being part of the MIS vo.

Mine: We should get from RSV to write an email containing
an estimate of the number of jobs and time spent on RSV jobs and
a recommendation on how to configure the sites/vos for proper accounting.

---++OSG Issues

Mine: RSV probe monitoring Gratia.  What is it supposed to do?

Brian:  It is suppose to tell the site admin to check whether the site are properly reporting to Gratia.

Philippe: How much effort is it?

Chris: only a few hours.

Philippe: then we ought to just deliver (we are spending more time discussing who should do it rather than implement it)

Mine: Was there a LIGO issue mentioned at the meeting yesterday.  What about Einstein@home?

Brian: We convince Miron that VO and OSG accounting were matching.

Brian: LIGO does not want to share the information for Einstein@home and the data is not quite right (for example no link between ip and head node).

Ruth: Can Brian check with Chandler if Gratia can help him make progress on its LIGO/Einstein@home accounting issue.

---++Meeting Time and purpose.

Time: 2pm is okay.

Purpose: This meeting is now recast as the conduit for the Gratia meeting to regularly meet with external stakeholder and interested.

GOC should attend.   Philippe will contact Rob Quick.

---++What is an OSG job.

This includes a discussion of the way RSV jobs are counted (or not).

---++Chris document.

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

OSG new needs.  Mine and Brian will produce a list for next week&#39;s meeting.
