---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Gabriele, Shawn, Rob Quick, Tim, Brian, and Chander 

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] and candidate Newsletter Articles

Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]


---+++ Network Monitoring - Shawn !McKee
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf]]: Network AC Update

---+++ Operations - Rob Quick
---++++ Update on Key Initiatives

   1 %RED% Provide OSG Core services at a level that exceeds the SLA Committments %ENDCOLOR%
      * Nothing in Jeopardy - [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgarmetric/index?summary_attrs_showservice=on&amp;summary_attrs_showrsvstatus=on&amp;summary_attrs_showfqdn=on&amp;gip_status_attrs_showtestresults=on&amp;downtime_attrs_showpast=&amp;account_type=cumulative_hours&amp;ce_account_type=gip_vo&amp;se_account_type=vo_transfer_volume&amp;bdiitree_type=total_jobs&amp;bdii_object=service&amp;bdii_server=is-osg&amp;start_type=specific&amp;start_date=06%2F01%2F2012&amp;end_type=today&amp;end_date=10%2F25%2F2010&amp;facility_10009=on&amp;site=on&amp;site_10020=on&amp;site_10047=on&amp;gridtype=on&amp;gridtype_1=on&amp;service=on&amp;service_129=on&amp;service_122=on&amp;service_117=on&amp;service_103=on&amp;service_112=on&amp;service_118=on&amp;service_105=on&amp;service_116=on&amp;service_126=on&amp;service_128=on&amp;service_108=on&amp;service_104=on&amp;service_119=on&amp;service_123=on&amp;service_106=on&amp;service_113=on&amp;service_111=on&amp;voown_9=on&amp;voown_25=on&amp;active=on&amp;active_value=1&amp;disable_value=1][Link]]
   2 %RED% Provide 24x7 services desk support to OSG users that exceeds SLA Committments%ENDCOLOR%
      * Again no issues
   3 %RED% Plan, Implement, and Deploy !DigiCert based OSG PKI service%ENDCOLOR%
      * Limited deployment and training done.
      * Initial documentation is completed.
   4 %RED% Research and develop deployment plans for new services - OASIS %ENDCOLOR%
      * ITB Service available to staff
      * Hardware for Beta service (eventual production service) is in hand, rack/burn-in late this week early next week. 
      * Full workplan available [[https://opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Operations/Minutes2012October29/OASIS_Workplan-RQ2.docx][here]]. 


---++++ Top Concerns
   1 !DigiCert Transition
      * Technical Concerns - vomses file and vo-package distribution - [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/VomsesFilewithNewPKI][Plan]]
      * Effort Concerns - Both Soichi and Alain have put more than budgeted effort into this. 
   2 Account Management
      * Several requests for SSH (GSISSH) Access
   3 OASIS Service and SLA
      * This is only a concern in that it is a new service and somewhat unknown
   4 Training Sessions
      * We&#39;ve decided on the next 2 sessions but scheduling has been difficult
         * Intro to HTC - Using a subset of the grid-school content (Starting Early/Mid October)
            * Pushed to Dec/Jan
         * Networking - Jason from I2 need the perfSONAR infrastructure to be in place to do this right (Early 2013)
   5 Effort for AHM Planning

---++++ Recent Activities
   1 PKI Front End and RA Activities
      * Continued to work out bugs
      * RA and GA Training (Security Area led this effort)
      * Documentation for PKI Users and Admins completed
   2 Promoting OSG Operations
      * EGI Tech Forum - Inside OSG Ops Blog [[http://insideosgops.blogspot.com/2012/10/osg-operations-at-egi-technical-forum.html][Article]]
      * SC - Kyle presented in IU Booth -[[http://sc12.supercomputing.iu.edu/sites/sc12.supercomputing.iu.edu/files/materials/OSG-presentation.pptx][Link to PPT]]
   3 OIM/MyOSG Support of Campus Grids
   4 New hardware acquired to host OASIS and provide &quot;elbow room&quot; for other services
   5 CILogin Basic in ITB - Moves to Production Dec 11th

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 01 Oct 2012

