%TOC%

---+Support Centers Technical Group Meeting Minutes June 28

The Support Centers Technical Group call was held today at 2:30PM CDT. 

Phone: 510-665-5437
Meeting ID: 1223

Attendees: Stan, Rick, Burt, DougO, RobQ, Fred
 
Agenda:

---++Review of trouble ticket exchange between USCMS and OSG SC&#39;s

   * Things are running smoothly, tickets are being opened 
   * Mail is being sent without information

---+++What&#39;s next

   * Exporting tickets from Footprints is the next step 
   * OSG SC exports one format and all support centers find a way to import it 
   * DougO will send mail about the GGUS ticket exchange

---++Registration Information DB

   * This is high priority on Kyle&#39;s to so list 
   * Doug has sent Kyle a set of changes and they should be ready tomorrow

---++Joint OSG/EEGE Operations Workshop

   * Week of Sept 26th is the proposed date from John Gordon this is an ATLAS software week 
   * Fred, Doug, and Burt will check out possible new dates

---++Community Support Activity

   * Should we have a community support activity, provide support which do not have official support for... See proposal from Rick. 
   * Doug will send a recommendation that the activity be created. 
   * Burt and Fred (place holder) will be tentative co-chairs.

---++Other topics 


-- Main.RobQ - 05 Jul 2005

