%TOC%

---+  Support Centers Meeting Agenda/Minutes October 25, 2005

Tuesday 2:30pm Central, Phone Number +1-510-665-5437, Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Rob Q., Doug O., Alan, Leigh, Stan, Burt

---++ Previous Meeting notes

Operations.MinutesOctober18

SCs

D.O. - checking on NERSC and STAR Sao Paolo (still to do).

Burt - check on Dane (FNAL_DDS), done (removed)

Rob - vanderbilt (to do)

Fred - TACC, OU_OASCER, Alan in discussion with TACC about their participation, will put TACC under CSC for now
as far as reg db goes, Rob resolving OU with ATLAS

Rob will check with Burt about USCMS resources - done

Rob will update for next week. - done

---++ 2nd draft SC org chart

Bottom of this page: Operations.OSGSupportOrganizationalChart

2nd draft looks good, Rob will update

---++ Registration Acknowledgements

Draft [[DraftWebRegResp][web response]] to submission of registration - suggest putting email address into response where mail is sent

Draft [[DraftEmailSCReg][email]] acknowledging for Support Center registration - add some more text on the mail list descriptions, should be a reply to form submission email, need SOP for this (manual mail for now, same for VO &amp; RP)

Draft [[DraftEmailVOReg][email]] acknowledging for VO registration

Draft [[DraftEmailRPReg][email]] acknowledging for Resource registration

replies should go to submitter, osg-operations, osg-council

(A side discussion of getting green in gridcat, gums config, etc. developed, and an observation that this aspect of OSG needs work to smooth the way for new sites)

---++ Operations Activity Issues

Any report from yesterdays ops meeting, Operations.MinutesOctober24?


---++ Community Support Activity Issues

KB questions to be reviewed tomorrow, and then go to IU.

-- Main.DougOlson - 25 Oct 2005
