<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> Jan19Meeting &lt; Production &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Production/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Production/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Production/Jan19Meeting?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit Jan19Meeting" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Production/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Production/Jan19Meeting"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#DDDDDD;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#DDDDDD;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h3><a name="Attendees"></a> Attendees : </h3> <ul>
<li> (To be completed after the meeting) Rob S., Doug, Tanya, Marco
</li></ul> 
<h3><a name="Coordinates"></a> Coordinates </h3> <ul>
<li> Wednesday  1/19 at 10am central (Chicago)
</li> <li> phone: 1 866 740 1260   
</li> <li> code:  2625776   
</li></ul> 
<h3><a name="Agenda_Minutes"></a> Agenda/Minutes </h3> <ul>
<li> xrootd status
</li> <li> planning for the OSG All Hands and joint meetings (Tier 3 and Hands-on sessions) 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h4><a name="xrootd_status"></a> xrootd status </h4>
Report from Andy on 1/18 - Hopefully there will be a tag in a few hours or at least by tomorrow. You can look at the details at <a href="http://xrootd.org/doc/githead/updates.html" target="_top">http://xrootd.org/doc/githead/updates.html</a> which will show nothing major has happened. The highlights: <ol>
<li> New features: <ul>
<li> New application, cconfing, added to display configuration files relative to a host-program-instance.
</li> <li> New application, netchk, that tests that firewalls have been correctly setup.
</li> <li> New configure.classic option to allow use of stl4port library for Solaris.
</li> <li> New internal feature in <span class="twikiNewLink">XrdPosix<a href="/bin/edit/Production/XrdPosix?topicparent=Production.Jan19Meeting" rel="nofollow" title="XrdPosix (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> library to not shadow files with actual file descriptors (used by the proxy service). This increases scalability.
</li> <li> Allow the xrootd server to tell the client that it is a meta-manager.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Major bug fixes: <ul>
<li> Change link options for xrdadler32 to not use shared libraries. The previous setup caused the command to hang upon exit.
</li> <li> Remove instance of <span class="twikiNewLink">XrdPosixXrootd<a href="/bin/edit/Production/XrdPosixXrootd?topicparent=Production.Jan19Meeting" rel="nofollow" title="XrdPosixXrootd (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> from that same file. Including it disallows defaults from being changed.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Minor bug fixes: <ul>
<li> Fix <span class="twikiNewLink">XrdOucStream<a href="/bin/edit/Production/XrdOucStream?topicparent=Production.Jan19Meeting" rel="nofollow" title="XrdOucStream (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> to not return ending "fi".
</li> <li> Correct network option interference -- do not turn on network nodnr option should the keepalive option be specified.
</li> <li> Remove duplicate option in option table used by the proxy service.
</li> <li> Fix what gets put in the git repository. The stl4port patch broke this.
</li></ul> 
</li></ol> 
<p />
The VDT team is ready to give top priority to building the new RPM <ul>
<li> Message from Tim Cartwright on 1.19 - If the xrootd developers do not change much in the source packaging, the configure.classic script, and the build itself, then we should be able to turn around a new RPM quite quickly -- within a day or two.
</li></ul> 
<p />
Tanya is testing the current 3.0.0 RPM from VDT: <ul>
<li> she is using a configuration similar to the one used by Doug (ATLAS Tier 3) 
</li> <li> basic test work, as well as security
</li> <li> GSI support not working
</li> <li> Hadoop links are not there
</li> <li> RPM for GSI and Hadoop are there but need to be integrated
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
Doug tested 3.0.0 from the tarball, using the configure-classic <ul>
<li> GSI support is important for the federation
</li> <li> Hadoop support is more a CMS requirement - Anyway the WLCG deployment board meeting yesterday focused on the xrootd demonstrator and suggested more cooperation and collaboration between the 3 demonstrators (CMS, ATLAS and ?) 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Other important parts are: <ul>
<li> support for xrdfs and fuse (check if it is there)
</li> <li> use xinetd.d to start and stop (this will be there long term)
</li> <li> provide templates for temporary configuration for the short term
</li> <li> use a wiki with explanation on how to install and use the templates <ul>
<li> Link the documentation from xrootd.org to make it easy to find 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Current ATLS Tier 3 procedure (from Doug): <ul>
<li> install Xrootd from OSG Pacman package
</li> <li> drop on top the new binaries
</li> <li> do some manual changes of the configuration
</li> <li> special configuration for the proxy
</li> <li> manual change to the startup script to reduce the number of logs
</li> <li> changes listed in the CERN Xrootd Wiki - Tanya should have access (Trash/Tier3GXrootdSetup page)
</li></ul> 
<p />
Tanya will organize a meeting with Doug, Andy and Wei this week, mainly to provide configuration templates: <ul>
<li> start from Doug configuration (he will provide a public URL to access it)
</li> <li> prune what is not needed
</li></ul> 
<p />
ATLAS Tier 2 configuration is different.
<p />
Very few ATLAS Tier 3 will partecipate to the All Hands meeting (limited funding). The possibility to connect remotely seems more interesting.
Marco will provide a list of experts and coordinates to Join. Doug will forward it to Tier 3 contacts.
Areas of interest are: <ul>
<li> bestman
</li> <li> gridftp
</li> <li> xrootd
</li> <li> condor
</li></ul> 
<p />
Rob - CMS use of xrootd is limited - Probably a couple of CMS sites will partecipate to the xrootd demonstrator
<p />
Doug and Rob S - ideas for the joint Trash/Tier3 session at All Hands meeting (Tue, 2-5pm):  <ul>
<li> how long will be the talks? 6 people
</li> <li> Proposed talks: <ul>
<li> Ian Fisk - future directions
</li> <li> Jason Allan - cluster management
</li> <li> Stephen - something similar for ATLAS
</li> <li> xrootd talks (20 min each) talk about the redirector <ul>
<li> Andy - talk about the proxy 
</li> <li> Charles - ATLAS activity
</li> <li> Brian - CMS activity 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Significant_Action_Items"></a> Significant/Action Items: </h3> <ul>
<li> Tanya will setup a meeting with Andy, Wei and Doug before the end of this week.
</li> <li> Marco will check with Rob G and Charles ATLAS Tier 2 xrootd requirements
</li> <li> Marco will provide expert list and coordinates for the Hands-on session at the OSG All Hands meeting <ul>
<li> Doug will forward it to the ATLAS Tier 3s
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Next meeting is in 2 weeks, on 2/2 at 10am Chicago, same coordinates
</li></ul> 
<p />
After talking with Rob G and Charles: <ul>
<li> UTA and SLAC have custom installations
</li> <li> No other Tier 2 are using xrootd in production
</li> <li> Then there is the federation part with a configuration file provided by Charles <ul>
<li> RPM from 1.4.2 from caltech (<a href="http://newman.ultralight.org/repos/xrootd/$basearch/" target="_top">http://newman.ultralight.org/repos/xrootd/$basearch/</a>)
</li> <li> custom configuration (Charles will provide a link to configuration and instructions)
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
OSG AH "Talk with the Experts": <ul>
<li> Twiki: <span class="twikiNewLink">ExpertsAtAllHands2011<a href="/bin/edit/SiteCoordination/ExpertsAtAllHands2011?topicparent=Production.Jan19Meeting" rel="nofollow" title="ExpertsAtAllHands2011 (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li> <li> Thursday 3/10/2011, 9am to 1pm Eastern time (Boston)
</li> <li> Location TBA
</li> <li> Phone (<span class="twikiNewLink">ReadyTalk<a href="/bin/edit/Production/ReadyTalk?topicparent=Production.Jan19Meeting" rel="nofollow" title="ReadyTalk (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>): 1 866 740 1260, then code 8349885#
</li> <li> Adobe Connect: <a href="http://osg.acrobat.com/osgah11/" target="_top">http://osg.acrobat.com/osgah11/</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Meeting_minutes_are_available_on"></a> Meeting minutes are available online at <a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group" target="_top">https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group</a> </h3>
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/MarcoMambelli" class="twikiLink">MarcoMambelli</a> - 19 Jan 2011</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Production<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Production/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group" class="twikiLink">USLHCTier-3Group</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>Jan19Meeting</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r6 - 18 Oct 2016 - 15:21:43 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />