---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Jan06][January 6]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

   * New release of probes was sent to the VDT / !dCache-transfer last Friday.
      * Fixes to !dCache-transfer.
      * Improvements to !dCache-storage probe.
      * Central Gratia infrastructure responds better to collector outages.
   * New version of the collector, v1.06.14 was sent to the VDT today, 2010/01/13.
      * Fix showstopper typo in stored procedure.
      * Vastly improve housekeeping performance to prevent blocking.
      * Fix to &quot;duplicate origin&quot; problem which was getting worse with higher loads.

---+Services Operation

   * CUNY: more interaction required with sysAdmin to get the site into shape -- now done.
   * osg-itb blocking on metric record housekeeping -- restarted.
   * Work with !IllinoisHEP-SE to solve their problems -- one reason for the probe release.
   * Production meeting: agreed that Jul 1 is a reasonable date for turning of legacy redirection service. CMS and ATLAS reps will go over the site list and deal with things internally.
      * Dan: make sure progress is checked at subsequent Production meetings and that reps are aware and can provide updates.

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Fermi/CD

---+Developments

---++BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

   * BIGINT: getting a handle on scope. Clarifications on procedure for finding where the code needs to be altered.
      * Chris: send me your hibernate configs and I will suggest some more IDs to switch as appropriate.

---++FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

   * Been in contact with Alain: re VDT test system.
   * Should have a preliminary version within next few days -- Alain will help.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

