
---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
Ted Hesselroth, Alain Roy, Patricia Bittencourt, Anand Padmanabhan, Will Maier, Brian Bockelman

---+++ Discussion

&quot;Office Hours&quot; Meeting

Patricia had started the Replica Manager but was not seeing any replicas being made. No problem could be discerned in her description of the setup. The log file is not reporting errors. It was suggested to check the state through the admin interface, though it was noted that the documentation appears to be out of date. Starting the replica monitor to check for excluded files was also suggested. It is available at https://plone4.fnal.gov/P0/DCache/dcachedoc/resilient-dcache-documents. Alex Kulyatsev will be asked to provide further assistance.

The Statistics cell did not seem to be working for Patricia either. None of the attendees had experience with that cell, so no advice was given. Ted will look into it. He also noted that the validation test stand is intended to eventually test all the features of dCache, so the team can gain experience this way.

Brian mentioned that the Billing database seems to have errors in the file sizes. Will stated that this is possible if posix clients are rereading files or reading only parts of files. He will check if any such discrepancies are seen in gridftp transfers.

Patricia asked what the &quot;Used&quot; space category on the monitoring web pages was. Some speculation followed. It was suggested that the developers be asked to make the page more clear.

Brian made the suggestion that the documentation contractor go over existing dCache documentation to improve the clarity.

Patrica asked about possible time delays between starting dCache and it being in a ready state. Ted replied that pools must complete an inventory before doing transfers, and that can take several minutes. a pool&#39;s log file will contain an entry stating when the pool is enabled.

Patricia asked under what conditions a pool can enter the drainoff state. Ted stated that the drainoff state can only be set through the admin interface.

Brian announced that he has collected data to address the question of what is the maximum reachable bandwidth using srm. He believes that srmcp and to some extend srm may be limiting. Details will be posted to the mailing list.

Anand stated that he is writing best practices documentation that will include info for users and site administrators, including the setup of glue schema info. The storage team will work with him on this.

Alain mentioned that a new ticket was made last week for Suchandra Thapa. Ted will check that a response is made if it hasn&#39;t already.

---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
%EDITTABLE{ header=&quot;| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |&quot; format=&quot;| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |&quot; changerows=&quot;on&quot;}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TedHesselroth - 26 Apr 2007
