


-- Main.DanFraser - 25 Sep 2009
---++ Significant/Action Items:
   * There were several significant issues with XRootD that are causing some concern about support OSGs ability to effectively support this package. As one example, the code does not pass some of the basic OSG storage tests. Current plan is to see if we can establish regular meetings with the XRootD team to help improve the communication between the teams. (Dan, Alain, Tanya)
   * Rob is exploring avenues whereby the CMS T3 Hypernews group may be exported to an external newsgroup and also allow members from the external newsgroup to post to the hypernews group. That way OSG folks could help CMS better understand and help field problems that the T3s are having. (Rob)
   * Rob has provided the list of config.ini files that are in use at various T3s. https://cms-xen19.fnal.gov:7443/globus_test/  Marco to look at these and make recommendations if needed. (Marco)
   * Plan to setup a meeting with Michael Thomas to discuss his Rocks implementation and any recommendations he may have for T3s. (Dan)
   * Need to follow up on config.ini files in the OSG document to reflect the recommended configurations (Marco to talk w/Suchandra)

---++ Attendees: 
   * Rob S.,Tanya, Marco, Dan, Doug/Rik were tied up with a DOE meeting

---++ Notes:
   * Rob noted that 24 CMS T3 sites have received funding.
   * #1 priority for CMS is the T3 documentation
   * Support will be prioritized to provide help to the largest T3&#39;s first when they have problems
   * Also a need to get PHEDEX installation simplified for T3s
   * Majority of CMS T3s use grid mapfiles and not GUMS.
