---+ Operations Meeting October 13, 2008

   * 13:00 Eastern 

   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999 

Attending: Sam Hoover, Kyle, Tim, Arvind, Mine, Levinth, Anand, Soichi, Burt, Steve T., Karthik, Elizabeth, Fred, Soichi

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesOctober6][previous meeting]]

   * OSG 0.6.0 installations (Updates?) 
      * ORNL (Asked for extension) 
      * ASGC_OSG (no follow up) 
      * NERSC-Davinci 

---++ Hot Topics for the week
   1. BDII production move today was successful. (Arvind) 
      * Information available at http://www.grid.iu.edu/news/news.php?id=439 
   2. New CA cert/CRL RSV Metric update (Arvind) 
      * Mine mentioned an email from Alan Sill reporting a problem with certificates probe, but more info is needed for Arvind to diagnose. 
   3. !LinuxFest &#39;08 at IU. Sharing info about OSG with the IU community. (Tim &amp; Soichi) 

---++ OSG RA Items

cert-scripts point to an outdated URL that needs to point to OIM
   * Doug maintains this script. He is out on medical leave, so for now there an outdated list of VOs being given to the script since the given URL no longer exists. 

---++ Pending Registrations

| Name | Support Center | !ResURL | Site_Verify Status | &lt;p&gt;Other Info &lt;/p&gt; |

None.
---++ Resources Removed from OSG

---++ GOC Tickets

---+++ Relevant URLs
   * [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/tickets][Open GOC Tickets]] | [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/reports/ticketreports.html][OSG Operations Metrics]] 
---+++ Tickets to discuss on call:

| Ticket # | Support Center | Action/Summary | Last Action Date | GOC Assignee | Notes |
| 5028 | Gratia-Ops | Is Chris on vacation? | 9/22 | Tim | Chris is on vacation this week. Dan Yocum should be responding to the Gratia-Ops mailing list. |

---+++ Other issues

   1. Sam Hover is trying to get GSISSH working and needs assistance. We suggested he email osg-sites@opensciencegrid.org. 
   2. CA distribution transition. Mine asked of the attending VO representatives if they have not yet upgraded, how soon would they be able to upgrade? 
   * CMS will be holding a meeting this week and they will discuss this at that time. 
   * Several other VO&#39;s were not in attendance. Maybe seven VO&#39;s filled out the formerly circulated survey, but not larger sites like ATLAS and LIGO. So it was suggested she send another email to the osg-sites or other mailing list. 
   * It was asked whether we could use a probe to validate which Resources are using the new cache. It is possible, but no firm commitment was given. This can be discussed further in the coming weeks. 

---++ WLCG/OSG/EGEE Issues
   * New GOC &lt;-&gt; GGUS ticket exchange rollout Thursday, Oct. 23 

---++ Open Technical Discussion of the Operations Group Developments &amp; Plans

-- Main.TimSilvers - 13 Oct 2008
