---+++ Attendees : 
   * Rob S., Kyle, Marco, Dan

---+++ Coordinates
   * Wednesday 1/5 at 10am central (Chicago)                                                                     
   * phone: 1 866 740 1260                                                                                       
   * code:  8349885                                                                                              

---+++ Agenda/Minutes
   * routing of ATLAS Tier 3 tickets (Kyle - report). GOC needed from US-ATLAS a list of Tier 3 to update OIM information and it took about a month to get an initial response took about one month. Now GOC received the reply so the issue is solved. 
      * In the future please send at least an acknowledgment within a short time (i.e. I received the ticket, I&#39;m working on it, I&#39;ll get back when I have a solution). No answer at all makes the GOC doubt about the validity of the support center.
   * A related issue to clarify is that some ATLAS Trash/Tier3 are registered with different support centers (ISU and Louisiana - Dosar, LBNL - self, MSU-OSG - Fermilab)
      * This is OK and was noted in the past
      * OIM should allow a list of secondary support centers (more than one support center for one resource)
      * Being a ATLAS (CMS, ...) Tier 3 should not be associated with a support center, at least not with the primary (single as it is now) support center
   * upcoming all-hands meeting  
      * 60 days to the meeting: http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=3627
      * Marco is trying to schedule a hands-on session targeting small sites (if useful)
      * There is a survey to explore the possibility/interest: http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/FRSKWYC
      * We should decide and start planning (a possibility is a Thursday morning session)
   * decide meeting time/dates      
      * the meeting will be every 2nd week, on Wednesdays at 10am
      * next meeting will be 1/19
      * please propose a different time/day if that will not work for you


---+++ Significant/Action Items:
   * Recommendation/For all:
      * send at least an acknowledgment within a short time (i.e. I received the ticket, I&#39;m working on it, I&#39;ll get back when I have a solution) when you are assigned a GOC ticket
   * Marco
      * Ask again to GOC about the possibility to have multiple support centers for one resource - open ticket for desired OIM feature
      * publicize more the survey for hands-on session (Rob will send it to USCMS hypernews)
      * decide and start planning hands-on session



---+++ All meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group



-- Main.MarcoMambelli - 05 Jan 2011
