---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Jun24][June 24]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.KarthikArun][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * [[Main.KeithChadwick][Keith Chadwick]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].

---++Apologies

   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]].
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

   * Collector release under test (development-tags/v1-06-16-rc2) and things are proceeding well. Should be released end of this week or middle of next. Plan for install Jul 14, announce to Ops meetings (FNAL and GOC) Jul 12.

   * Probe release 1.06.16b-1 is currently with VDT, going through their test and release process.

   * Probe release 1.06.16c-1 (containing only minor changes to !dCache probes with respect to 1.06.16b-1) is currently with OSG storage group, going through their test and release process.

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

   * Currently about 6K seconds behind master, no other issues.

   * Combined kernel upgrade / Gratia collector upgrade scheduled for 2010-07-14. Announcements will be made.

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Probe.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

   * I am looking into comparing the =DataScrubber::deleteRawXml= code between the BIGINT branch and the trunk, so that the changes could be merged and the BIGINT changes committed to the trunk.

   * The &quot;Better exception handling in XML parser&quot; work is on a pause mode for now. The solution to custom handle different tags based on erroneous information/data doesn&#39;t seem to be a scalable one (as we discussed it last week). I am yet to look into the possible DTD solution for this. I would like to hear Philippe&#39;s feedback about this too (when he is back). 

   * More clarification from Chris on BIGINT. Will send merge instructions to Karthik by email.

---++ Transition

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
