---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Suchandra T, Ted H, Burt (many folks on furlough / vacation)

---++ Release trivia
   * Suchandra and Jeff are handling the VTB respins -- changes that involve VDT-supplied packages take 1-2 days to deploy.  Our timetable is to get the GIP release candidate into the first VTB spin (scheduled for sometime soon after the All-Hands meeting next week).

---++ Code Repositories
   * Suchandra brought up the idea of hosting the GIP SVN at the GOC.  Burt indicates support for this as long as we have mirrors as well -- he will talk to the GOC folks about it.

---++  Static information 
   * Suchandra will checkout the latest tag from the UNL GIP repository and integrate his own work with it in time for the VTB release.

---++  Dynamic probes
   * dCache: Ted is testing the storage GIPs in the release candidate and should have results by Mar 1.
   * Batch systems: Burt is obtaining LSF licenses.  He&#39;ll talk to people running SGE for hepl in that arena.
   * Implementation improvements: some changes committed to GIP release

---++  Validation
   * Glue syntax checker: Brian has a script in SVN, this should be part of the ITB checklist

---++ Operations
   * OSG production BDII now has a filter to remove non-Glue compliant information from the feed.  Burt took a quick look this morning and will ask Tony to take a more detailed look at the output.

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 27 Feb 2008
