---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
Rob Quick, Chander, Tim, &amp; Mine

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ Operations - Rob Quick

---++++ Update on Key Initiatives

   1 %RED% Provide OSG Core services at a level that exceeds the SLA Committments %ENDCOLOR%
      * Nothing in Jeopardy - [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgarmetric/index?summary_attrs_showservice=on&amp;summary_attrs_showrsvstatus=on&amp;summary_attrs_showfqdn=on&amp;gip_status_attrs_showtestresults=on&amp;downtime_attrs_showpast=&amp;account_type=cumulative_hours&amp;ce_account_type=gip_vo&amp;se_account_type=vo_transfer_volume&amp;bdiitree_type=total_jobs&amp;bdii_object=service&amp;bdii_server=is-osg&amp;start_type=specific&amp;start_date=06%2F01%2F2012&amp;end_type=today&amp;end_date=10%2F25%2F2010&amp;facility_10009=on&amp;site=on&amp;site_10020=on&amp;site_10047=on&amp;gridtype=on&amp;gridtype_1=on&amp;service=on&amp;service_129=on&amp;service_122=on&amp;service_117=on&amp;service_103=on&amp;service_112=on&amp;service_118=on&amp;service_105=on&amp;service_116=on&amp;service_126=on&amp;service_128=on&amp;service_108=on&amp;service_104=on&amp;service_119=on&amp;service_123=on&amp;service_106=on&amp;service_113=on&amp;service_111=on&amp;voown_9=on&amp;voown_25=on&amp;active=on&amp;active_value=1&amp;disable_value=1][Link]]
   2 %RED% Provide 24x7 services desk support to OSG users that exceeds SLA Committments%ENDCOLOR%
      * No dangers.
   3 %RED% Plan, Implement, and Deploy !DigiCert based OSG PKI service%ENDCOLOR%
      * Next Milestone is this weekend when the DOEGrids officially stops issuing new certificates. 
         * There are a few minor issues with certificates that are being worked out. 
      * RA documentation is completed. Will go through modifications as we experience more usage. 
         * Recent move to update Release3 documentation as well by Marco. I&#39;ve assigned this to Alain Deximo. 
   4 %RED% Research and develop deployment plans for new services - OASIS %ENDCOLOR%
      * Behind on AHM Target date for production release of OASIS. However we should have an SLA for review by end of March.
         * Current target for production release is April 9th. 

---++++ Top Concerns
   1 !DigiCert Transition
      * The January &quot;live date&quot; for the OSG PKI Front End went smoothly. 
      * I expect the same for March 23rd DOEGrids new cert cutoff, but will be on a close watch for issues that develop. 
      * Soichi&#39;s effort seems to be ramping down, however Alain&#39;s (and other support members) does not. 
   * Ticket Metrics 10 Months ending Febuary 28. 
     &lt;img src=&quot;%ATTACHURLPATH%/Screen_Shot_2013-03-20_at_2.07.58_PM.png&quot; alt=&quot;Screen_Shot_2013-03-20_at_2.07.58_PM.png&quot; width=&#39;630&#39; height=&#39;360&#39; /&gt;    
   2 OASIS Service
         * There is some question to whether CVMFS 2.0 and 2.1 are fully compatible. 
            * If not there may be further delays as the functionality of having separate VO working areas needs the 2.1 release. 
   3 Training Sessions
      * We&#39;ve decided on the next 2 sessions but scheduling has been difficult
         * Networking - Jason from I2 need the perfSONAR infrastructure to be in place to do this right June 2013)
         * Intro to HTC - Using a subset of the grid-school content (Starting Early/Mid October)
            * Pushed to April/May - Possibly send a few to grid-school instead of doing this training locally. 
   4 Other effort concerns
      * From last report &quot;We&#39;re not getting behind, but we&#39;re struggling to keep up.&quot; 
      * This has been relaxed a bit still PKI is creating a larger than normal load. 

---++++ Recent Activities
   1 PKI Front End and RA Activities
      * Released on January 30th
      * Documentation for PKI Users and Admins completed
   2 Hosting of All Hands Meeting
   3 Additional responsibilities of Production Manager added

---+++ Production - Rob Quick

---++++ Update on Key Initiatives
   * Lead Production Calls
   * Work with Area Coordinators as needed
   * Report to Management Team on Production status and issues
   * Represent needs of T1/T2/T3 Stakeholders
   * Assist ET on Operations and Production areas
      * Software now part of Technology

---++++ Top Concerns
   * Transitioning Production Responsibilities from Dan to Rob
   * Pacman decommissioning 
   * Gratia Accuracy
      * Elimination of &quot;Unknown&quot; VO records and issues leading to it. 
   * Address questions of GLOW usage (why they only get a limited number of hours)

---++++ Recent Activities
   * Weekly Production Meetings handed off from Dan to Rob
   * Production Annual Report handed off to Rob
   * Notification of Pacman EOL Sent
      * Good progress on the non-root WN Client package


---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 28 Feb 2013


