---+++ Meeting Coordinates

%RED%There is no meeting on Friday Nov 12, 2010. Please use this document to provide your weekly report.%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Attendees

 
---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.DouglasStrain
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.AlainRoy

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * General ( Robert )
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
         * not really Trash/Tier3 but still Marco:
            * rewrote ReleaseDocumentation.HelpProcedure added some section, reorganized, gave a more general content, sent email: &lt;pre&gt;                                                                                                                                                   
At the moment I left a placeholder to add some information about user                                                                               
support. Is it there any mailing list, email, page ... about the user                                                                               
support group. Or should we ignore it for now and bring it back for OSG                                                                             
prime?                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                    
Some of the content should be reviewed also to see if I&#39;m suggesting the                                                                            
correct support channels according to OSG policies.                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                    
Then while looking at the help procedure document I came across some other                                                                          
help/user oriented documents that probably should be fixed,  included in                                                                            
the documentation or eliminated:                                                                                                                    
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Main/SupportCenters                                                                                              
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Main/GridUserSupport                                                                                             
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ArchivedDocumentation/OSG/GetHelp                                                                                            
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Troubleshooting/TroubleshootingFAQ                                                                               
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuideTroubleshootingOSG                                                                   
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/Release3/CondorErrors                                                                                     
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuide      

Hi Robert,                                                                                                                                          
I structored the documents in two parts:                                                                                                            
the first one providing a starting point for different groups:                                                                                      
 * someone new to OSG                                                                                                                               
 * users of OSG                                                                                                                                     
 * system administrators of OSG or ITB resources                                                                                                    
the second one providing the contact information                                                                                                    
 * documets                                                                                                                                         
 * GOC support channels (tickets, phone)                                                                                                            
 * web chat                                                                                                                                         
 * mailing lists                                                                                                                                    
 * VO support                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                    
The idea is that people belonging to one group can still choose to use different channels                                                           
                                                                                                                                                    
Security incidents can be reported as described in the document.
&lt;/pre&gt;

      * Security ( James )
One document finished review and was released.  The other documents ready for review and test are with Anand and Igor who reported that they would not be able to get to docs until the week of the 14th because of travel and other work items.
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * VO ( Terrence Martin )

-- Main.RobertEngel - 10 Nov 2010
