<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MinutesEBJul10 &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/MinutesEBJul10?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MinutesEBJul10" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TWISTYPLUGIN_TWISTY--><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.css");
</style>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js'></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiPref.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// <![CDATA[
var styleText = '<style type="text/css" media="all">.twikiMakeVisible{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleInline{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleBlock{display:block;}.twikiMakeHidden{display:none;}</style>';
document.write(styleText);
// ]]>
</script>

<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>

<!--TABLEPLUGIN_twikiAttachmentsTable--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:top;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {background-color:#eceef2;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#e0e3e9;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#ffffff;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#f2f3f6;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol0 {text-align:center;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol1 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol2 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol3 {text-align:right;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol4 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol5 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol6 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol7 {text-align:center;}
</style></head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Minutes_of_the_OSG_Executive_Boa"></a>  Minutes of the OSG Executive Board </h1>
<p />
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Coordinates"> Coordinates</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Attending"> Attending</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#SOWs_and_Budget_Revisions"> SOWs and Budget Revisions</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Users_and_VO_Usage_and_Plans_Fra"> Users and VO Usage and Plans - Frank, Torre</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Engagement"> Engagement</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#EOT"> EOT</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Proposal_for_International_Scien"> Proposal for International Science Grid this Week</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Consortium_meeting"> Consortium meeting. </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Operations_Security_Software"> Operations, Security, Software </a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Validation"> Validation</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Security_officer_report_Don_Petr"> Security officer report (Don Petravick)</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#External_project_status_reports"> External project status reports</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Input_and_feedback_from_recent_m"> Input and feedback from recent meetings where we presented OSG</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Council_Resources_Board_Science"> Council, Resources Board, Science Advisory Group</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#AOB"> AOB</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Status_of_VDT_1_3_11"> Status of VDT 1.3.11</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Attached_files"> Attached files</a>
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Coordinates"></a> Coordinates </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> July 10, 2006, 2-6pm Central (Chicago)
</li> <li> Call 510-883-7860 then enter the Ad-hoc number 88674 followed by the # sign. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Ruth, Doug, Rob, Mike, Torre, Mark, Don, Paul, John <span class="twikiNewLink">ManagementMcGee<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/ManagementMcGee?topicparent=Management.MinutesEBJul10" rel="nofollow" title="ManagementMcGee (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> (for Alan Blatecky), Leigh
</li> <li> Please add your name if missed.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="SOWs_and_Budget_Revisions"></a> SOWs and Budget Revisions </span></h2>
Ruth has talked to many about the project plan for Year 1, and SOWs and need to get revised budgets  to NSF early this week, and the remainder of the DOE Labs to DOE by the end of this week.  the current draft of the Cooperative Agreement is attached. It has been agreed to by the University of Wisconsin. 
<h3><a name="Comments"></a>  Comments </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Need revised budget from BNL and LBNL for DOE by the end of this week.
</li> <li> Ongoing discussions with Paul on short term iVDGL contributions.
</li> <li> Cooperative agreement captures execution and reporting plan, as per NSF requirements, see attached.
</li> <li> There are two templates for SOW. One is for the proposal, the other is based on the draft MOU as was being prepared by Albert.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Users_and_VO_Usage_and_Plans_Fra"></a> Users and VO Usage and Plans - Frank, Torre </span></h2>
<p />
Miron is receiving daily usage  information from several sources. Are there more reports we should be asking for in the short term?  Is ML giving us monitoring that is useful? We should ask the Grid Accounting project for a status and to start sending reports as they ramp up deployment. 
<p />
VO  Use information and plans are beginning to be posted on the Twiki pages. Ilya Narsky is doing a good job starting to gather this information  for Frank and Torre but the information is not answering all the questions we have. 
<p />
At last Thursdays meeting MIron suggested we call each VO and ask them about OSG 0.6.0 needs and their plans for use of the OSG.  Ilya has been starting to phone those who do not reply to his emails. We should also make sure we keep history.  
<p /> <ul>
<li>  <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VO/WebHome" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VO/WebHome</a> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Comments_AN1"></a>  Comments </h3> <ul>
<li> For OSG 0.6.0 we expect more statistics from services as well as usage by VOs.
</li> <li> Ilya will be gathering requirements by VOs.  Rob will consult to gather these for the purposes of the ITB release description (<a href="/bin/view/Trash/ArchivedDocumentation/ITB/ITB050/WebHome" class="twikiLink">Trash/ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050</a>).
</li> <li> <strong>VO Leaders - please make sure the ITB description captures your needs</strong>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Engagement"></a> Engagement </span></h2>
Discussion of the current plans - Alan, Miron <ul>
<li> John (John <span class="twikiNewLink">ManagementMcGee<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/ManagementMcGee?topicparent=Management.MinutesEBJul10" rel="nofollow" title="ManagementMcGee (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> is a project manager at RENCI) - setting up a bio-portal application. Hardware is in hand at RENCI. Current focus is on workflow - eventually dynamic and user-generated.  Hope to have some discussion points and progress in advance of the August consortium meeting.
</li> <li> Paul - discussions with Mark Green - also interested in bioportal applications, sees significant overlaps and synergies with the work at RENCI. Esp. "CaBiG". Would like to share information / effort on database infrastructure. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="EOT"></a> EOT </span></h2>
Report from the Grid Summer School - Mike <ul>
<li> Workshop went very well. The best of the three so far.
</li> <li> 40 students, a diverse group (interests and from locations)
</li> <li> Pre-assigned certificates helped with getting things going initially.
</li> <li> Used the OSG and Teragrid during the class - presetup.  This added a lot to the experience.
</li> <li> Students were of a very high level, compared to previous classes (eg. early <span class="twikiNewLink">PhD<a href="/bin/edit/Management/PhD?topicparent=Management.MinutesEBJul10" rel="nofollow" title="PhD (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> students)
</li> <li> 17 CS, 9 Physics, 14 other (mech eng, ops research, cs-econ, bio-eng, ...)
</li> <li> More time on open discussions.  Eg., impressions of grid technology, and future.
</li> <li> Next time - have a prepared roadmap for what can be done *post*-workshop.
</li> <li> Ideas gathered for extending the curriculum - info systems, portal development, resource brokering.
</li> <li> An electronic survey will be given to the students.
</li> <li> Several good candidates expressed interest in continuing work in grid technology.
</li> <li> Students were enthusiastic about what could be done, format, and working together, other interactions, etc.
</li> <li> Several students from the Americas (Uraguay, Puerto Rico, Columbia)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Comments_AN2"></a>  Comments </h3> <ul>
<li> Will write up a report on the school.
</li> <li> Many students were able to run applications from their own research areas on OSG.  Eg. Network research, MPI applications, etc.)
</li> <li> Work on follow up of training material for other venues.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Proposal_for_International_Scien"></a> Proposal for International Science Grid this Week </span></h2>
Attached is the <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/edit/Management/MinutesEBJul10/ProposalforInternationalScienceGridNewsletter_v4_kly.doc" target="_top">current draft</a> of the proposal which Katie, Judy, and the EGEE team have worked on. <ul>
<li> Katie moving to CERN for a couple of years but will remain editor of SGTW till years end.
</li> <li> Discussion with EGEE to create a joint, international position, jointly funded by EGEE and OSG.
</li> <li> Another position is possibly opening up, for US LHC communicator at CERN, as well.
</li> <li> If concerns, communicate with Ruth directly.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Consortium_meeting"></a> Consortium meeting. </span></h2>
The  agenda is taking shape <a href="http://www.opensciencegrid.org/events/meetings/consmeeting0806/agenda.html" target="_top">here</a>. <ul>
<li> Please take a look for the basic organizational content.
</li> <li> There is a program committee (Ruth, Doug, Ann/ISI, Rob, Maytal, Penelope, Gordon Watts (host)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Operations_Security_Software"></a> Operations, Security, Software </span></h2>
If Leigh and Doug are ready with the action item list and impact from the joint operations workshop they will present this. What is the current status of our Validation tools - VORS, <span class="twikiNewLink">GridEX<a href="/bin/edit/Management/GridEX?topicparent=Management.MinutesEBJul10" rel="nofollow" title="GridEX (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> etc.  
Don  will tell us how the Risk Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment is going and the plans for rolling out first "VO Agreements for Security" at the Consortium meeting. 
<p />
Alain has sent a list of the status of VDT 1.3.11.
<p />
<h3><a name="Comments_AN3"></a>  Comments </h3> <ul>
<li> Doug - sent a list of action items from both the May ops workshop at IU, and the June joint EGEE ops workshop at CERN.  Plus some others Doug and Leigh have fleshed out.   * Leigh and Doug have gone over the list and prioritized.
</li> <li> See attached document, also: <a href="/bin/view/Operations/OpsActionItems" class="twikiLink">OpsActionItems</a>
</li> <li> Need to identify effort required for items.  Unclear if we have the effort to push through each of these.
</li> <li> Example is the OSG user's guide initiated by Frank. Others as well - how to install grid applications.
</li> <li> Policy/privilege pages need to be completed.
</li> <li> Getting support centers more involved in processing certificate requests.
</li> <li> From June meeting - issue of updating 'on-the-fly' software installations.  Depends on <code>pacman -update</code> working for specific packages.
</li> <li> OSG to GGUS ticket exchange is nearly working (Rob Quick)
</li> <li> Work needed on validating sites by accross EGEE and OSG grids.  Should involve Ilya and the ITB.
</li> <li> Scheduling downtimes - getting sites to report this to Operations.
</li> <li> Timescale for integration of these issues into the project plan - the program of work.  Those that have been previosly discussed should go in, others need to be discussed either before or at the Consortium meeting.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Validation"></a> Validation </h3>
State of current validation tools. Pass for now, but discuss updates again. <ul>
<li> Requirement for <code>pacman -update</code> from Operations, as targeted for VDT 1.3.12.  
</li> <li> Need to understand what is required for incremental upgrades.
</li> <li> What small changes can be updated to individual packages, in the short term.
</li> <li> Leigh will respond to mail from Alain.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Security_officer_report_Don_Petr"></a> Security officer report (Don Petravick) </h3> <ul>
<li> See attched <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/Agreements.pdf" target="_top">powerpoint slides on Agreements</a>.
</li> <li> Discussion of Risk definitions, workflows, and controls at sites and with VOs.<a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OSG-RA-004A.doc" target="_top">Risk Trash/Trash/Trash/Assessment Draft</a>  <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf" target="_top">Status of Risk Assessment</a>
</li> <li> Comments  <ul>
<li> Ruth would like to have a first draft of these concepts, with discussion at the Consortium meeting arriving at acceptance (and possible agreements) with these terms.
</li> <li> There will be a parallel session at the consortium meeting that will discuss a VO agreement in draft form.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Risk analysis project <ul>
<li> See two attached files (long report, and powerpoint summary)
</li> <li> Expect everyone to have read this.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Follow-up on all these at the consortium meeting. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="External_project_status_reports"></a> External project status reports </span></h2>
The VO privilege project is sending written status reports to the Executive Team every few weeks (when not on vacation). Are there other such reports we should be getting? Stu Martin is on vacation so wont make todays meeting. Do we know  the current status a validated WS GRAM from the Globus project? Managed space and storage on OSG. When should we have a focussed report on this? Accounting is in test at a few sites. We should schedule a discussion with Philippe on this in the next few weeks.
<p /> <ul>
<li> Gabriele will be sending written status reports every few weeks for VO privilege.
</li> <li> Will request regular updates from Accounting project. Starting this week. 
</li> <li> Expect to have more as the project starts.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Input_and_feedback_from_recent_m"></a> Input and feedback from recent meetings where we presented OSG </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="http://grid2006.jinr.ru/" target="_top">Grid2006</a>, Dubna.  Interest expressed in directions for accounting.  Also interest by the Dubna lab to collaborate with OSG.  Suggested invitation to Consortium meeting.
</li> <li> Operations workshop - tenatively scheduled another joint operations workshop at Indiana March 2007.
</li> <li> Bill Kramer - brief talk on OSG at HPC meeting.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Council_Resources_Board_Science"></a> Council, Resources Board, Science Advisory Group </span></h2>
Bill is working with Jerome and Howard on clarifying the makeup of the Council. 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Council: Bill - Jerome was working on this, but we need to iterate on something that can be agreed to at the consortium meeting.
</li> <li> RB: Ruth - would be useful to have a couple of people on the resources board populated.
</li> <li> SAG: Ruth approached Mary Anne Scott.  Bill: agreed to MAS. He will send out a call for nominations for suggested names.  How long to serve? Two years, stagger and relieve people. Start small now.
</li> <li> Agencies have said we will have a joint advisory group.  Hope they will have this in place before the consortium meeting.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </span></h2> <ul>
<li> None
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Status_of_VDT_1_3_11"></a> Status of VDT 1.3.11 </span></h2>
<p />
Miron suggested that it would be a good idea to fill in the Executive Team Plus with the details of the upcoming VDT 1.3.11 release. I agree.
<p />
<code><b>=</b></code> Time Line <code><b>=</b></code>
We hope to code freeze the VDT by Wednesday, July 12th.
<p />
We do at least one week of testing before release, which would set our release to be on or shortly after Wednesday, July 19th.
<p />
If we experience any delays of more than a day or two, we'll let you know about them. Due to some big changes in the VDT (particularly the new version of Globus, which contains many new patches), I would not be surprised if testing takes a bit longer than usual.
<p />
<code><b>=</b></code> Major Changes <code><b>=</b></code>
*  A new version of VOMS and VOMS Admin that solves several
   problems encountered by OSG users is now in the VDT.
   (Requested by OSG)
<p />
* A new version of CEmon (from gLite) which solves several
  problems, and is now ready to be used experimentally in OSG.
  (Requested by OSG)
<p />
* Fedora Core 4 on x86-64 is now supported. (Requested by LIGO)
<p />
* Squid is now part of the VDT. (Requested by OSG)
<p />
* A new version of Globus (4.0.2) with additional patches to move
  toward a common version of Globus between OSG and <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.MinutesEBJul10" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>.
  (Supports OSG and <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.MinutesEBJul10" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> collaboration.)
<p />
* New versions of Fetch CRL and EDG Make Gridmap. Note that these
  now run as cron jobs instead of the daemons they used to be.
  (Not requested, but sorely needed because our old versions
  were very out of date and had problems.)
<p />
* SRM V1 client, which used to be in OSG software cache, is now
  part of the VDT installation. (Requested by OSG.)
<p />
* SRM V2 client is now in the VDT.
<p />
* The NMI Build and Test software is now included in the VDT.
<p />
Details are available online at:
<a href="http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.3.11/release.html" target="_top">http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.3.11/release.html</a>
<p />
Not all of the small details are there yet, but we'll be filling it in during our week of testing, as preparation for our release.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attached_files"></a> Attached files </span></h2>
 <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OSGPTCDraft0.4.doc" target="_top">https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OSGPTCDraft0.4.doc</a>
 <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/ProposalforInternationalScienceGridNewsletter_v4_kly.doc" target="_top">https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/ProposalforInternationalScienceGridNewsletter_v4_kly.doc</a>
 <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OpsAction.pdf" target="_top">https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OpsAction.pdf</a>
 <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf" target="_top">https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf</a>
 <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OSG-RA-004A.doc" target="_top">https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OSG-RA-004A.doc</a>
 <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/Agreements.pdf" target="_top">https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/Agreements.pdf</a></div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
<div class="twikinetRounded twikinetRoundedAttachments"><div class="rCRounded"><div class="rCTR"><div class="rCTL"></div><!--/rCTL--><div class="twikiAttachments">
<div class="twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline">  <span id="topicattachmentslistshow" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleopen.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span> <span id="topicattachmentslisthide" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleclose.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span>  </div><!--/twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline--> <div class="twistyPlugin"><div id="topicattachmentslisttoggle" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyContent twikiMakeHidden twistyInited">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table summary="Topic attachments" cellspacing="0" id="twikiAttachmentsTable" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="rows" border="1"><caption>Topic attachments</caption>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10?cover=print;sortcol=0;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">I</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10?cover=print;sortcol=1;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Attachment</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10?cover=print;sortcol=2;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Action</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol3"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10?cover=print;sortcol=3;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Size</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol4"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10?cover=print;sortcol=4;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Date</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10?cover=print;sortcol=5;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Who</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Management/MinutesEBJul10?cover=print;sortcol=6;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Comment</font></a> </th>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="pdf" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/pdf.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">pdf</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/Agreements.pdf">Agreements.pdf</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Management/MinutesEBJul10?filename=Agreements.pdf;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 88.8&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">10 Jul 2006 - 20:09</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobGardner" class="twikiLink">RobGardner</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> Plans on Security Agreements (Don Petravick) </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="doc" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/doc.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">doc</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OSG-RA-004A.doc">OSG-RA-004A.doc</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Management/MinutesEBJul10?filename=OSG-RA-004A.doc;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 139.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">10 Jul 2006 - 19:54</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobGardner" class="twikiLink">RobGardner</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> Computer Security Risk Assessment for Core OSG </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="doc" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/doc.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">doc</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OSGPTCDraft0.4.doc">OSGPTCDraft0.4.doc</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Management/MinutesEBJul10?filename=OSGPTCDraft0.4.doc;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 91.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">10 Jul 2006 - 18:49</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobGardner" class="twikiLink">RobGardner</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> Cooperative agreement draft </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="pdf" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/pdf.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">pdf</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/OpsAction.pdf">OpsAction.pdf</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Management/MinutesEBJul10?filename=OpsAction.pdf;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 63.3&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">10 Jul 2006 - 19:37</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobGardner" class="twikiLink">RobGardner</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> Operations action Items from Doug and Leigh </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="doc" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/doc.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">doc</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/ProposalforInternationalScienceGridNewsletter_v4_kly.doc">ProposalforInternationalScienceGridNewsletter_v4_kly.doc</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Management/MinutesEBJul10?filename=ProposalforInternationalScienceGridNewsletter_v4_kly.doc;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 26.5&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">10 Jul 2006 - 18:50</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobGardner" class="twikiLink">RobGardner</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> Proposal for international science grid newsletter </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <img width="16" alt="pdf" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/pdf.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">pdf</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Management/MinutesEBJul10/RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf">RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/attach/Management/MinutesEBJul10?filename=RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3 twikiLast"> 96.7&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4 twikiLast"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">10 Jul 2006 - 19:51</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RobGardner" class="twikiLink">RobGardner</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> Security report from Don </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</div></div> <!--/twistyPlugin--></div><!--//twikiAttachments--></div><!--/rCTR--><div class="rCBR"><div class="rCBL"></div><!--/rCBL--></div><!--/rCBR--></div><!--/rCRounded--></div><!--/twikinetRounded--></div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MinutesEBJul10</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r14 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:51 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />