---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth=&quot;550&quot; cellpadding=&quot;6&quot; dataalign=&quot;left&quot; tablerules=&quot;all&quot; tableborder=&quot;1&quot; databg=&quot;#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF&quot;}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Tim T., Tim C., Brian, Gabriele, Shawn, Rob Q., Rob G., Clemmie


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Suggestions for new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]], Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Software - Tim Cartwright

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 16 April 2014:

   * External (for site admins)
      * Polished HTCondor CE and made version 1.0, plus related RSV &amp; osg-configure changes
      * Added UDT package and related tweaks
      * Created a repository for Puppet contributions
      * Patched VOMS Admin to filter user lists to GUMS
      * Packaged !XRootD 4 (now in testing)
      * Packaged GUMS 1.4 (now in testing)
      * Contributed to releases: 3.1.33&amp;ndash;3.1.35 and 3.2.8&amp;ndash;3.2.11

   * Internal
      * Set up RPM build environments for HTCondor and !perfSONAR developers
      * Added automated tests for GUMS, HTCondor CE, !MyProxy
      * Speced, ordered, and had built several new machines for the UW ITB site

   * Bringing John Hover and Jose Caballero on board, 25% each

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * Ongoing updates, etc.

   * Integrate HTCondor CE
      * Version 1.0 already released
      * Working on LSF (Wei, SLAC) and SGE (Augustine, BU) support
      * Probable small changes coming to support LSF and SGE
      * Still working on documentation

   * Evaluate OSG software stack for !IPv6 readiness &amp;mdash; just starting
      * Complete initial evaluation by end of summer
      * Work on non-compliant software thereafter

   * Update to Globus Toolkit 6.0 and get our patches incorporated &amp;mdash; waiting
      * GT6 due soon &amp;mdash; few major changes
      * Unclear when our patches will be incorporated, before or after initial GT6 release

   * Publish policy for OSG software release series &amp;mdash; was done, but then Miron asked for a rewrite

   * Make frontier-squid mandatory on a CE &amp;mdash; in progress but stalled

   * Build HTCondor from unified source RPM &amp;mdash; waiting on official HTCondor release (8.2.1)

   * Help !perfSONAR developers with builds in OSG Koji (Madison), packaging, etc. &amp;mdash; in progress

   * Join EPEL and submit changes to packages that we patch &amp;mdash; in progress

   * Help build a Madison ITB site &amp;mdash; finishing hardware deployment

   * Divide Gratia probe packaging to ease management and avoid future release bottlenecks &amp;mdash; stalled, low priority

   * Look into supporting EL 7 &amp;mdash; on the horizon

   * Design and implement a new OSG client package &amp;mdash; on the horizon

   * Simplify test development by improving test framework
      * Goal is to support rerunning certain tests under different configurations (e.g., “manually”, via osg-configure, via puppet)
      * High-level plan is to enable this kind of testing with a new test sequencing algorithm using DAGs

   * 2014 OSG User School &amp;mdash; in progress, crazy busy

---+++ Top Concerns

   * The backlog of useful work is still significant. We are working it down, but slowly.

   * There has been little to no effort put into documentation lately. We are shifting the responsibility for this area back to Software and will draft a plan to address missing, incomplete, and out-of-date documents. Effort will be available in September.

---+++ Stakeholder Requests

   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-62][REQ-62]]: Add extra features to GUMS (support for groups)
      * Implementation in progress
      * Part of GUMS 1.4.0


---++ Release Management - Tim Theisen

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

   * *Releases*
      * Since last Release report
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release328][3.2.8]]: IGTF 1.56, CVMFS 2.1.17, RSV 3.7.15, gratia probes, VO Package v52, various bug fixes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3132][3.1.32]]: IGTF 1.56, CVMFS 2.1.17, RSV 3.7.15, gratia probes, VO Package v52, various bug fixes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release329][3.2.9]]: 3.1.33 + HTCondor CE 1.0, UDT driver, various bug fixes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3133][3.1.33]]: cctools 4.1.3, !UberFTP 2.8, RSV 3.7.16, VO Package v53, various bug fixes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3210][3.2.10]]: High Priority Release: VO Package v54, Gratia probes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3134][3.1.34]]: High Priority Release: VO Package v54, Gratia probes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3211][3.2.11]]: 3.1.35 + HDFS Secondary !NameNode
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3135][3.1.35]]: CVMFS 2.1.19, VOMS Server 2.0.11, osg-configure, Gratia Probes, IGTF 1.57, various bug fixes

   * One High-Priority Releases: 3.2.10 / 3.1.34 (2014-05-27)
      * VO Package: Address missing LSC files
         * Chicken and Egg problem: LSC files not generated by script if server not up
         * Introduced in 3.2.9 / 3.1.33 (2014-05-13)
      * Gratia Probes: certinfo files not being removed
         * Caused temp directory to fill especially on Scientific Linux 5
         * Introduced in 3.2.6 / 3.1.31 (2014-03-11)

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * ITB instance in Madison
      * Be better able to test the system as a whole
      * Much closer to the user experience

   * Working on a plan to involve ITB sites in testing

   * Starting to collect data on effectiveness
      * Counting tickets that failed testing
      * Some historical data available

   * Continue to Collect Standard Test Cases
      * Slowed down somewhat

---+++ Top Concerns

   * *New Technologies*
      * Testing IPV6 support

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
** Software

Key Initiatives
   1. HTCondor-CE Integration - adding support for LSF and SGE.
   2. Updates to the software release - Integrating Globus Toolkit 6 w/ OSG patches incorporated, build HTCondor from source RPM
   3. Upcoming technologies - evaluating IPv6 Software readiness , evaluating support for EL 7

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Backlog is being processed, but slowly
   2. Documentation has not been updated lately. Developing plan to address missing documentation.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Packaged / polished new software versions (xrootd, GUMS, HTCondor-CE)
   2. Automated tests for additional products (GUMS, HTCondor, MyProxy)


** Release Management

Key Initiatives
   1. ITB Instance in Madison - hardware now available. Working on a testing plan involving ITB sites.
   2. Now collecting data on release effectiveness

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Testing IPv6 support still lacks infrastructure

Key Accomplishments
   1.  Released 8 releases since mid Apr - 1 high-priority release
