<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MinutesJune15 &lt; Storage &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Storage/MinutesJune15?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MinutesJune15" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Storage/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Storage/MinutesJune15"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="STORAGE_TECHNICAL_GROUP_Minutes"></a> STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  06/15/06 </h1>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="AGENDA"></a> AGENDA </span></h2>
<p />
(1) Announcement:  OSG dCache workshop July 17 (?)
<p />
(2) SE on OSG "How-To" Discussion - Surya, David <ul>
<li> the beginnings of a page is at:  <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/OSGSRMUserExperience" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/OSGSRMUserExperience</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
(3) UltraLight SE testing activity - Surya <ul>
<li> SE testing from a users point of view
</li> <li> possible source of SEs for generic users to test against
</li></ul> 
<p />
(4) SE Support - revisit our model - led by Eileen
<p />
(5) Report from SE interoperability meeting - Timur 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Eileen Berman, Timur Perlmutov (FNAL)
</li> <li> Andy Kowalski (Jefferson Laboratory) 
</li> <li> David Myers (LIGO)
</li> <li> Surya Pathak, Paul Sheldon (Vanderbilt) 
</li> <li> Alex Sim (LBNL)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="MEETING_SUMMARY"></a> MEETING SUMMARY </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="SE_on_OSG_How_To_Discussion"></a> SE on OSG "How To" Discussion </h3>
<p />
In the discusion of the upcoming dCache workshop at Fermilab, Andy mentioned that they had an
SRM server on top of their storage (???).
<p />
Surya question for Andy:  did you develop your own SRM server implementation, or
did you use something from Alex?
<p />
Andy:  we rolled our own
<p />
Surya: what version is this:
<p />
Andy:  it is a "pre 3.0" version, not backwards compatible with previous verisons (2 or 1).
<p />
In version three, there is a discussion of "federation" of SRMs, but this service would be
provided by a layer of software above
<p />
we also wrote our own client, and shared the WSDL (web services definition language) with Timur and Alex at
FNAL and LBNL.
<p />
Surya:  has started a website that is the beginning of an "How To" at:  <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/OSGSRMUserExperience" target="_top">http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/OSGSRMUserExperience</a>
<p />
David:  has looked at this page, we had done alot of this a few months back working with Alex.
Back in January, working with him got some more documentation of things, but subsequently found
that versions of SRM client etc. in VDT had a lot of issues w.r.t. getting that working.  Info on
what goes into the ws.rc (configuration file) is not well documented.  This could be where we could
make a difference.
<p />
Surya:  I am going to add alot of comments to the ws.rc file to help with this, maybe David could
start and I could finish?  (David says not enough time now... so Surya will start).
<p />
Action Items:
David is going to add to the blog his experiences, particularly with VDT, and Surya will continue
to do so.
<p />
Outcome will be instructions on how to fill out the ws.rc file, on our twiki.  Alex to document
in general what could be in the ws.rc file, David and he worked hard on this a couple of months
back, hope this will be in next version.  We should put a link to this documentation on our How-To.
<p />
Eileen:  I want to take an overall look at the storage twiki and maybe organize it in  a way that
we can find info easier.
<p />
David:  can a "sanitized" version of the Vanderbilt server (and the ws.rc, well documented)... a logical
explanation of how you are using Alex's SRM server, how the back-end disks are organized...
<p />
Surya:  yes, I will be happy to document what I did to integrate the L-Store SE into Alex's SRM 
documentation.  I tried to do this in a "generic" way so that others could easily implement their
own SE easily.
<p />
David: but also, maybe in 20 minutes I could understand what L-Store is.
<p />
<h3><a name="UltraLight_SE_Testing_Activity"></a> UltraLight SE Testing Activity </h3>
<p />
Surya's rough draft of a document on the 
<a href="http://mimir.accre.vanderbilt.edu/cgi-bin/public/DocDB/ShowDocument?docid=77" target="_top">Storage Test Framework</a>  that
ACCRE is putting together.
<p />
Surya:  As a new user... I want to see what kinds of things are available, and what is their performance
(so the end user can decide).  We are coming up with a generic framework for testing SE performance.
How much time does it take to put up large numbers of large files, small files, etc.  Benchmarks
via this test framework.
<p />
and since this is an UltraLight activity, this can help us understand how to better optimize use of the
connecting networks.
<p />
<h3><a name="SE_Support_Discussion"></a> SE Support Discussion </h3>
<p />
Eileen:  what is our model of support?
<p />
Paul:  we had suggested that people ask the experts:  Alex, Timur, whoever.  In fact, we could imagine posting an expert list on our OSG SE website.  But, I can guess that Eileen will worry that these experts will then be pounded.  
<p />
Eileen:  yes, this doesn't scale to thousands of users, and what about when someone goes on vacation?  This doesn't
seem to work for either the supporters or the users?  
<p />
There are many standards... a mailing list that you send to rather than a specific name.  The problem here is that
noone has "ownership" when a problem arises.
<p />
David:  there is a trouble ticket service run by the GOC.  And in the future there may be funding for paid support
in this area.
<p />
Eileen:  how does OSG handle this in other areas?
<p />
David:  for CEs, handled through GOC.  We need to build up a community of expertise...  Timur, Alex, etc.
are not paid to support OSG directly, and are not volunteering for this duty.  We would need OSG support
engineers of community member who are stakeholders.  Maybe some people (in the future) in the GOC could
become the first tier of responders/experts.
<p />
Paul:  on a slightly new subject... what about test sites (SRM servers) that new users could use to
test their clients or their applications... 
<p />
Surya:  Will my application work with SRM, or more specifically,
will my application work with an SRM-dCache or SRM-L-Store (and so on) service?  The public infrastructure
on the OSG.  There will be policy issues, etc., that will need to be posted similarly to policies for CEs.
<p />
We are trying to get a "network" of these things for the UltraLight benchmarking project, I would be willing
to post my experiences if this will help.  
<p />
David:  And maybe develop some into "reference" systems, which is what I would like to see.
<p />
<h3><a name="SE_Interoperability_Meeting"></a> SE Interoperability Meeting </h3>
<p />
<a href="https://srm.fnal.gov/twiki/bin/view/WorkshopsAndConferences/GridStorageInterfacesWSAgenda" target="_top">Meeting Agenda and Presentations</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://srm.fnal.gov/twiki/pub/WorkshopsAndConferences/GridStorageInterfacesWSAgenda/SRMLCG-MoU-day2.doc" target="_top">Modification recommendations and WLCG SRM V2.2 Usage Agreement</a>
</li> <li> <a href="https://srm.fnal.gov/twiki/pub/WorkshopsAndConferences/GridStorageInterfacesWSAgenda/Schedule.pdf" target="_top">Implementation Schedule</a>
</li></ul> 
<p />
Timur:  workshop was called "Grid storage interfaces" primarily for LHC experiments.  Three major storage
systems that will be used plus reps from all major experiments and the SRM collaboration.  Before the
workshop, we worked hard to understandt the requirements for SRM, and we had a prototype working document.
At the workshop, we agreed on changes/modifications, then agreed on sequence of chancgs, implementation
schedule, plan of work.  SRM V2.2 will be next, will implement Storage Classes (disk only, tape only,
both,...) agreed on terminology for describing those, are files available all the time (online) or
after a request (near-line), space reservations.  Interface needs to be fixed with working versions
by fall with all major functionality for LHC running.  This was main emphasis of workshop.
<p />
We also discussed the GLUE schema interface.  This service does discovery, for SEs it should be able to
find your SE and figure out its capabilities.
<p />
Andy:  our SE is really only used by our local JLab users, so this is why we use V3.0.  Our users had problems
with 2.0.  Since we didn't have to get the interoperability part going, we just decided to go to the new
specificaion.
<p />
Timur:  V2.2 will "back implement" many of version 3.0 features, so V2.2 and 3.0 are not that different.
<p />
Andy: its an ongoing discussion within the SRM collaboration, which has become preoccupied with many users
wanting new features in V2.x but were concerned about waiting for V3.x.
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Action_Items"></a> Action Items </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Send around link to surya test document (Paul)
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Further work on How To as described above (David, Surya)
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Work on wiki web pages (Eileen)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
 DEAR DOCUMENT OWNER
 <code><b>===============</b></code>
<p />
 Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> name here: <ul>
<li> Local OWNER = <span class="twikiNewLink">PaulSheldon<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/PaulSheldon?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="PaulSheldon (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
<p />
 Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
 DOC_AREA = (<span class="twikiNewLink">ComputeElement<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/ComputeElement?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="ComputeElement (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>|Storage|VO|Security|User|Monitoring|General|Trash/Trash/Integration|Operations|Tier3) <ul>
<li> Local DOC_AREA       = Storage
</li></ul> 
<p />
 define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
 DOC_ROLE = (<span class="twikiNewLink">EndUser<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/EndUser?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="EndUser (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>|Student|Developer|SysAdmin|VOManager) <ul>
<li> Local DOC_ROLE       = <span class="twikiNewLink">SysAdmin<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/SysAdmin?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="SysAdmin (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li></ul> 
<p />
 Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
 DOC_TYPE = (Troubleshooting|Training|Installation|HowTo|Planning|Navigation|Knowledge) <ul>
<li> Local DOC_TYPE       = Installation  Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( 1 | 0 )
</li> <li> Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( 1 | 0 ) <ul>
<li> Local INCLUDE_TEST   = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 change to 1 once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to 0 if that is not the case <ul>
<li> Local REVIEW_READY   = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 change to 1 once the document is ready to be tested and back to 0 if that is not the case <ul>
<li> Local TEST_READY     = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
 change to 1 only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release <ul>
<li> Local RELEASE_READY  = 1
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
 DEAR DOCUMENT REVIEWER
 <code><b>==================</b></code>
<p />
 Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> name here: <ul>
<li> Local REVIEWER       = <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstName<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstName?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="FirstName (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( 2 ), failed ( 0 ) or passed ( 1 )
</li> <li> Local REVIEW_PASSED  = 0
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
 DEAR DOCUMENT TESTER
 <code><b>================</b></code>
<p />
 Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> name here: <ul>
<li> Local TESTER         = <span class="twikiNewLink">FirstLast<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/FirstLast?topicparent=Storage.MinutesJune15" rel="nofollow" title="FirstLast (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( 2 ), failed ( 0 ) or passed ( 1 )
</li> <li> Local TEST_PASSED    = 0
</li></ul> 
############################################################################################################
--></div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Storage<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Storage/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MinutesJune15</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r10 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:13:14 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />