---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   * Brian Bockelman 
   * Neha Sharma 
   * Alex Sim 
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Andrew Baranovski  - sick
   * Ted Hesselroth  - sick
  
---++ Status report
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;

Andrew:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
no report
&lt;/pre&gt;

Abhishek:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;

A. OSG Hadoop YUM-based Release preparation

Alain has helped make arrangements to provide an account on VDT 
server. Mike Thomas and I will work together soon to prepare the 
production YUM repository for OSG distribution. Before making the 
release, plan is to evaluate:
(i) installation on a matrix of OS platforms/x32/x64, on WISC testbed.
(ii) scalability, on UCSD testbed.

B. Scalability

Hardware is getting ready. Testing will use the WISC YUM respository 
to install on UCSD testbed.

C. Aim is to tag the WISC YUM repository as OSG-supported production 
golden release, only after evaluation phases and documentation are 
complete.
&lt;/pre&gt;

Alex:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;

* Support
  - a sample plugin for transfer server selection based on SFN

* Release
  - bestman 2.2.1.3.6
  - srm-client-lbnl and srm-tester-lbnl releases
  - fix on glite lib - coming 2.2.1.3.7 release
&lt;/pre&gt;
Neha:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
helped UI T3 with  dcache upgrade
 
tested 1.9.5-9. failed to install. sent question to desy

installed and validated new tarball with 1.9.5-8 on fg0x1

restarted dcache services on gwdca* nodes and validated that site is operational (but has only one pool node right now)

followed up and maintained osg storage tickets
&lt;/pre&gt;

Ted:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
no report
&lt;/pre&gt;

Tanya
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
Meetings:
          status meeting with Alain
          meeting with xrootd developers
         T3 documentation meeting
         Read discussions in WLCG Tech Forum 

  Technical work:
        Installed/Tested 
              bestman 2.2.1.3.6 - found memory leak, discussed it with developers
              bestman 2.2.1.3.7 - problem with /etc/grid-security/certificates directory required by glite libs, all other problems have been fixed, all the tests succeeded 
              srm-lbnl-client 2.2.1.3.7 - recommended for vdt release
              discovery tools - found several issues - notified developers
              xrootd/xrootdfs/gridftp-xrootd 20091028-1003 - no problems so far, testing is continuing 
        Discussed new design proposal for xrootdfs with developers
        Build/released vdt-dcache 2.4.4 , update documentation on the web
&lt;/pre&gt;
---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
!BeStMan release

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Tanya has reported that newly released 2.2.1.3.7  has passed all the tests. Memory leak is fixed and caching is working properly now but the problem with /etc/grid-security/certificates is still present (see vdt ticket http://crt.cs.wisc.edu/Ticket/Display.html?user=guest&amp;pass=guest&amp;id=6103).  Alex has agreed that this is a problem and  will be working on it today and will try to fix it by tomorrow. Tanya was concerned that these problems are only discovered during VDT testing. Alex said that they have only development environment, Alain Sill gave us access to GUMS, LBNL team is not able to test various conditions. Tanya has promised to check if Fermi GUMS could be use by developes as a members of OSG VO.

!BeStMan 2.0 is almost ready and tarball will be available soon. Brian said that he probably could find somebody to test it at Nebraska site. 
 
---++ Second Agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
dcache
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Neha has helped a lot with dcache upgrade and was able to fix the problem found be site admin. The new version has been released to ITB today. We have tried to do upgrade with dcache 1.9.5-9 but it failed. Neha is waiting for response from developers.

Neha will be working with Andrew on gratia dcache storage release. ProbeConfig and installation script should be modified - no access to dcache admin interface is required.

Neha will also help Dmitry to test wild card for subgroups in LinkAuthorization configuration. One pool on our dcache node is still down.

---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Public storage

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
We need to discuss with Ruth our proposal. Chris and Brian are working with Fly&#39;s Eye  experiment that requested 20TB of storage for some limited time (less then 1 month).

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

None

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

No update:

7326 - dCache - misleading error message when using dccp to transfer  data

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed

---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 02 Dec 2009
