---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Mar18][March 18]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * Rob Quick.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+ Gratia

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

Code almost feature complete.  Also working on performance.  Hoping/planning for the end of April.

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi

---+++RSV

Chris: The RSV probe monitoring Gratia is ready for Arving to upgrade to the new RSV API.  I understand that Arvind is holding off until after the OIM release.

---++OSG 

Chris: I understand that we are encouraged to submit ticket via the web.

Rob: Yes, this is because the connection is authenticated the system has more information.

Chris: Yes but the support center is not properly set and &#39;Remedy&#39; is not informed about the ticket (when it should be sent to &#39;gratia&#39; support).

Rob: Yes we will look into.

Chris:  Can we have multiple certificate for one user?

Rob:  Yes this is on our list.

Chris: I think we need (subject to discussion), in order for the FQAN for pretty renaming and support for old voms and new voms to be succinct, we should be entering the individual elements separately.  

Rob: You should enter it in the GOC request system.

Rob: OIM is expecting a release next week.  MyOSG will move from &#39;beta&#39; to &#39;production&#39;.

Philippe:  Ok, I will migrate my code to the new MyOSG by then ....

Chris: We have an informal request (from Alan Sill) for an histogram of job duration.

Philippe/Chris:  humm this is a bit hard.   One would need to access the job level data.  Creating an appropriate summary table would be hard.

Brian: What about the OIM/Report connection? 

Chris: Well they are ready, however this is not the primary source of information until there is GUI to update the data in OIM (or I would need to manually check the current difference in information).

Chris: Also one of the site has registered their support mailing list as where to send to.   So it issues a ticket every week.



---++WLCG 

RAS.

---++Fermi/CD

Last version project requirement is out.

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity
