---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Friday Nov 5, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 02:00 PM Central |
| &lt;b&gt;Telephone Number&lt;/b&gt; | 866-740-1260 |
| &lt;b&gt;Teleconference ID&lt;b&gt; | 9030201 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
 
---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.DouglasStrain
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.AlainRoy

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * General ( Robert )
         * meet with Ruth, Chander and Jim to discuss project status, milestones and next steps
            * 11/01/10 milestone 90% complete
            * all documents left for review and test to be completed as soon as possible ( 4 weeks, except for Operations and VO area )
            * Robert will contribute to monthly OSG newsletter highlighting documentation
            * Robert will continue to work on navigation
            * Robert will create action items for each documentation area
            * Suchandra temp. documentation area coordinator for CE and Integration
         * complete to place all documents in the [[Trash/DocumentationTeam/Navigation][navigation tree]]
         * sort through all documents in the CE area to find documents that provide duplicated content, are out-dated or empty
         * create action items for CE area based on results
         * unit Trash.ReleaseDocumentationPreparingComputeElement, ReleaseDocumentation.BeforeStartingComputeElementInstallation, and Trash.ReleaseDocumentationPreInstallationChecklistCE into one document Trash.ReleaseDocumentationPreparingComputeElement
         * include missing information from Trash.ReleaseDocumentationComputeElementPostInstall to Trash.ReleaseDocumentationComputeElementInstall
         * in the process remove documents from doc process
         * create cross references for documents in the CE installation area
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
         * Worked on updating some validation test pages with Scott
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
          * questions about Trash.ReleaseDocumentationWorkerNodeClient
             * Have Steve&#39;s issues been addressed?
             * Robert is OK if I set you as reviewer?
             * I think the section &quot;For Multiple VDT Installations&quot; is a repetition of content in CA installation doc
                * Do we need this separate section?
                * Can I refer the other document?
         * The help procedure document I think is ready for release
            * topics follow the order of the order of importance: info to provide, look for documents, vo support, OSG support
      * Security ( James )
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * VO ( Terrence Martin )

-- Main.RobertEngel - 03 Nov 2010
