---++ Logistics

2nd November at 10.30 Pacific, 12.30 pm Chicago, 1.30 pm Eastern time.  

We will be using the ESnet ECS Adhoc bridge.
The number to dial in to connect by video is
88674 for (88OSG) at 348kps.
If you need to dial in by phone only, call 510-883-7860 then enter the
Ad-hoc number 88674 for (88OSG) followed by the # sign.
for Ad-Hoc instructions for dialing in
http://computing.fnal.gov/videoconferencing/Conf.Video_ECS%20Ad-Hoc.new.html
or connecting to view the stream http://www.ecs.es.net/docs/adhoc/codian.htm\

---++ Agenda

---+++ Attendees:
 Doug, Alain, Mike, Frank, Dan, Stu, Miron, Kent, Chander, Bill, Paul, Gene, Ted, Philippe, Rob Q, Rob G, Ruth, 
---+++ CDIGS: status of work for WS-GRAM readiness for the recommended compute element job interface

Address issues of overload of the head node/vulnerability through GridFTP as part of this deployment activity.
CEDPS is doing work that might be relevant. Need a focused meeting to discuss the architectural issues in series with the deployment. 

Will there be a suite of acceptance tests as part of this? yes. when UCSD new hire is on board. This needs to be defined, communicated, results published, and made available for the future. 

Out output from this activity should be a process/blueprint for how to deploy new services in the production infrastructure. 

WS Gram installation using Condor 6.8  can not (yet?) report to Gratia.

Need to pay attention to interoperability with the WLCG as we move to WS GRam. Need to pay attention to the Cream deployment also - what is the implication of this with WLCG interoperability.  ** does this get added to the WMS project plan?*** where is this activity located? 

Discussion needed about sites with multiple CEs and whether these are identical in terms of technology ? 

---+++ Accounting: discussion of OSG requirements and expectations
Monthly releases. Trying to make a more regular release process which means fewer releases to the VDT and patches needed. 
Subset of releases are for VDT. 
Plans need to indicate impact on VDT or not.
Need to understand impact on GOC of new server releases. Need to understand this in the release planning. 

Continuous discussion between RobQ, Alain, Philippe on release schedule. 

Separate the 2 aspects of a) release of the software and b) the operational service.

OSG requires Philippe to test new releases of both the software and the operational service on the ITB.

OSG needs to do some homework on the stakeholders for accounting to make sure they are identified and who will represent the group in the discussion with the project. Rob Q, Ruth, on Council meeting, through Users and Sites etc etc. Expectations and Needs from OSG Accounting Needs. Expect to revisit this on the 14th December. 

What transfer accounting is needed? what needs to be collected centrally if anything? or summary information? is it logging or accounting? Facility coordinator says we do not need detailed information, are we interested in an aggregate? on some of the questions explain what the trade-offs are. Cost vs rate for hardware and operations. Expose tradeoffs between summary and detailed data, and retention numbers. 

Estimates are low if GridFTP used for every transfer for execution of a job. 

Need technical discussion on data transport of monitoring/accounting/auditing information in OSG. 13th December pm current  target date. 

---+++ dCache: status of V1.8 release for OSG 1.0
For OSG the outstanding issue is the replica management since needed by the OSG Tier-2s. Have a plan for which the priority is to understand and test the space reservation. Ted will make a deployment package for dCache 1.8. 

Client toolset. The coding is done for the SRM-cp can start testing this and help with the documentation. Have coded most of the srm-cp functionality; don&#39;t have the individual calls but have the functionality needed by CMS. CMS, Frank are also interested in a C or C++ library for srm-cp. lcg-utils is coupled with some catalogs. This has now been decoupled as a plug=in. Discussion with Flavia and need to explore in OSG whether we want to support lcg-utils. Thoroughtly tested against the new SRM. 

4 weeks to package it. need to understand space reservation before deployment. Flavia has requested lcg-utils on the worker nodes. 

Gene is writing a Fermilab Support Commitment for dCache/SRM support. Expanded to include the support model from the Fermilab development team. Document indicates model of, interface to and responsibilities of OSG for Level 2 support of US OSG sites installation of SRM/dCache.  No &quot;OSG equivalent&quot; in Europe for Level 2 support infrastructure. Worry about encroaching support load for US because of this.

---+++ CEPDS: plans for our collaborative year 2 work
Discussion of troubleshooting.
Central collection host now in place in Indiana. 
Tool to get access to the logs.
Testing of scalability issues need to be done
Sites are starting to discuss under what circumstances they are prepared to forward their logs. 
Multiple transport infrastructures:

Rob G: Unnatural to show horn syslog-ng which is widely used into the Gratia collection infastructure. Might you lose the ease of use and capabilities? 

Alain R: Gratia don&#39;t want to lose any records. Different requirements? Syslog ng is a lossy mechanism. not a highly reliable service.
transport mechanisms are also open source.

for the database and the viewers open source software is being used now CEDPS will be working on an upgraded version. more sophisticated database loader and front end for user to have access. Need to synch up with Gratia/OIM/Troubleshooting user interfaces. Rob Q will coordinate this. 

Can one bring the gratia requirements to the syslog-ng community? seems unlikely. syslog-ng will alert you when bits are on the floor. syslog-ng will replicate the system. Need a document on who will have access to site data and what data there is. 

---+++ Security Controls: 

2.3.1.3. (Site/Vo/User Accountability)
Accepted by the Executive Board. Next step is to go to the Council.
Have a light weight way of unbarring?  -- applying for membership is lightweight already.
What about groups? are they covered by VOs. Would be worth mentioning this explicitly.

change &quot;Ensure that&quot; to &quot;will assist in&quot;

OSG specifications to CA - Policy
OSG extension to the JSPG policy. We added 
&quot;d)	other CAs which MAY be approved by the OSG Executive Team. An annual re-assessment of the CAs must be performed by the OSG Executive Team.  &quot;

Operational Matters: specifies OSG policy for CA installation and removal. 
Security issue is the allowance of a rogue CA. Given a security risk/vulnerability then the Security Officer determines the appropriate response time. 

Accepted by the Executive Board. Next step is to go to the Council.

---++ November/December Council Meetings 
&lt;b&gt;November &lt;/b&gt;
NYSGrid agreement - Chander
Finance Board report - Kent
2 Policies. - Mine
Overall presentation of policies and their status - Mine
Kick off to receive requirements on accounting information - Ruth, RobQ
Jot External review. - Ruth
Program Committee for all Hands - JohnM

&lt;b&gt;December &lt;/b&gt;
Presentation of JOT external review agenda

Next face to face Council meeting is March 6th in RENCi. 

---- OSG 0.8.0
Released November 1st. 
Documentation under construction: Base necessary documentation exists from previous versions. Side documents are in process of bring written and updated. base is ready. Discussion was in the ITB group. How do we establish a means to deliver the rest of the documentation. Goal to finish this in about 2 weeks. Will keep the release documentation open for editing - not done previously - until there is an 0.9 set of documentation.  Archive documentation web of old releases also available. 

--- Hepix

OSG executive board from Hepix conference? 

--- From Council Chair
opportunity to meet with MS at SC.


-- Main.RuthPordes - 25 Oct 2007
