---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Mar04][March 04]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * Keith
   * Chris
   * Jim
   * Mine
   * Philippe
   * Ruth

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+ Gratia

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi
---+++RSV

ras.

---++OSG

Ruth: the council would like to assign a science to a user.

Philippe: Why not assigning it to a VO since a user might be doing more one science.

Ruth: Because a vo has more than one science.

Chris: What about using a FQAN which is adding an attribute to the DN.
VOMRS has the ability to define their own groups and roles.
What&#39;s left then is a mapping between FQAN and the entity (Science/Funding)

Keith: This ability can not be added to VOMRS because it is being deprecated.

Philippe: Yes I think this should be implemented by OIM.
In addition OSG need to make explicit the policy that VO that have more than one science
must create one group/fqan per science.

Mine:  This may be difficult because of the delay from start of deployment to full implementation.

Ruth: There are only 4 out of 35 VOs that multiple science.  so We are fine.

Ruth: Yes I agree that the information should be kept in OIM.

Rob: I think the items that have been discussed here are in the roadmap, end of June and summer.

Ruth: This might be too late.  We need to be available for the next face 2 face meeting (august 5th).  I think OIM needs more effort.

Rob: I agree that in order to meet this dateline we need extra help.

Mine: Why is it a long project?

Rob: Because we need to develop of the GUI.

Ruth: OIM needs to be able to add new feature quickly.

Rob: Yes we need to add new feature quickly.  It is not difficult to add things to OIM however the rate of request is high.

Ruth: Let&#39;s push forward the requirement document.  (sending it to Rob).

Philippe: What about &quot;Funding source ....&quot;

discussion:  There is a relationship between a FQAN and &#39;fractional&#39; funding.  For example an FQAN maybe be funded at 25% by DOE and 35% by Fermil and 40% by NSF.

Ruth: We will need review this document in this meeting.

---++WLCG

Philippe:  There are some issues in the way WLCG is operating this last few months.  

---++Fermi/CD

Jim: I presented the draft process accounting requirement (using input from many stakeholders).  
Action items are that one more iteration we be done and presented next week.  Hopefully more concrete to be able to analyze how well we are meeting those requirement.  

Philippe: I will be loading the old facct data

Jim: One thing is that we need to have some sort of &#39;abstract&#39; layer to accounting for more metrics (Number of emails, etc.).

Chris: Isn&#39;t this already been provided by Nagios?

Jim: I am trying to synthesis ...

Jim: One common thread is the ability to account for service level things.

Ruth: I do not understand the section &quot;metrics&quot;.  What is the definition of metrics?  

Jim: One of the issue is that some of the interested parties are not paying attention.

Philippe: I think there are 2 type of reasons for this.  One is that they already what they need.  The other is that they only need this information rarely and will think about it only the day before they need it.
One of the goal of the project is to have a global (fermilab-wise) view of the information.

Jim: Our short term goal is to get to a conclusion on the requirement list.

---++Development

---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity

Added after the meeting - Ruth Pordes
   * Aaron Thor will send a description of the ATLAS monitoring infrastructure and interfaces within a few weeks. This will give input for discussion of general use cases, reuseability of some of the software.
   * Ian Stokes Rees has sent some condor and condor-g logs to Doug Thain at UND for his &quot;log parser&quot;. work is ongoing to see if information about the overload at the SBGrid site and the failures of the application runs. 
   * Discussions have started with Suzanne Gysin on grid diagnosis in the OSG environment. 
   * Jing Tie is the first OSG CS student fellow and is analysis errors encountered by US ATLAS on OSG. 

