---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
Ted Hesselroth, Michael Zalokar, Neha Sharma, Alain Roy, Tigran Mkrtchyan, Gene Oleynik, Patrick Fuhrmann, Abhishek Rana.


---+++ Guests

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

One ticket was reported by Ted Hesselroth. Suchandra Thapa at the University of Chicago did a single node installation in which the gridftpdoor was returning a private ip address for the TURL. Ted sent Suchandra a suggestion to put the private ip in the /etc/hosts file and turn off jre caching of dns lookups if needed. Later in the meeting Gene Oleynik stated that some versions of linux automatically cache dns lookups, including failures, and this might need to be turned off as well.

The flow of tickets was discussed and it was agreed that tickets flow from VDT to OSG Storage support staff (having possibly originated in the GOC system). OSG storage support will create a dcache ticket if there appears to be a software problem.

USCMS Tier 2 site administrators have requested a twiki through which to share common practices. One has been created at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/StorageStorageForum. They also requested more communication with dCache developers. Therefore in the future, some OSG Storage Activity Meetings will be designated for the purpose of discussions between site administrators and dCache developers.

Tigran Mkrtchyan reported that the bidirectional adapter for the gridftpdoor will be available in version 1.8.0. Abhishek Rana agree to test the new feature at UCSD if ongoing computational usage does not prohibit it.

Ted Hesselroth reported that the OSG Trash/Trash/Integration Test Bed is interested in deploying storage. OSG storage support representatives will begin attending ITB meetings. Ted Hesselroth will give an introduction of OSG Storage Activities to the ITB at their next meeting. Neha Sharma will study current storage GIP attributes and make recommendations as needed.

The bundling of java with the VDT packaging of dCache was discussed and it was agreed that the licensing issue should be looked into.

Ted Hesselroth will begin to study Space Reservation in SRM v2.2 towards the end of using it for sites to reserve 5% of their dCache storage space for general OSG  use.





---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
%EDITTABLE{ header=&quot;| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |&quot; format=&quot;| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |&quot; changerows=&quot;on&quot;}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TedHesselroth - 22 Mar 2007
