---++ At-Large VO Representation Sub-Committee Kick-Off Meeting

---+++ Teleconfernce Coordinates:

   * *Date:* April 25th, 2008
   * *Time:* 4PM Eastern, 3PM Central, 1PM Pacific
   * *Duration:* ~ 1 Hour
   * *Teleconference Number:* 1-800-704-9896
   * *Participant Code:* 779069 followed by the &#39;#&#39; key

   * *Attending:* Kent, Dick, Paul, Shaowen

---+++ Agenda/Minutes:

---++++ Introductions from Sub-Committee Members

   * Would be good to gather any experiences from you and your VO that may relate to the needs of an &quot;At-Large&quot; VO

&lt;font color=blue&gt;
Dick reported that DOSAR is a relatively new member on the OSG Council. They were previously very involved in the OSG from an activities perspective and were very interested in having representation on the Council, particular given that they were playing a role in the OSG progression. Dick is currently polling DOSAR regarding the subject of this sub-committee.

Shaowen reported that CIGI is reasonably new VO providing grid computing to science communities involved in geo-spatial disciplines but they are also bringing in other disciplines and international collaborators. They started as a small resource provider. Shaowen was previously with GROW and understands representation through the OSG Council. He sees representation on the Council as a mechanism for small VOs to learn from other VOs.

Paul and Kent come from larger VOs that are major stakeholders in the OSG with dependencies between VO science missions and the success of the OSG.
&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Appoint Sub-Committee Chair

   * Important to have a democratic process to represent to the full OSG Council

&lt;font color=blue&gt;
Decided that it was in the best interest of this committee to have a chair that was not one of the OSG Council co-Chairs. Shaowen volunteered to be nominated as the sub-committee chair. Kent will send out an email to the sub-committee asking for their approval on this nomination.
&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Review of Charge to Sub-Committee

__Review the current VO membership of the OSG, compare this with the current representation of the OSG Council members and make a recommendation for a process to appoint the two open &quot;At-Large&quot; representatives. The time line should assure that &quot;At-Large&quot; representatives have been appointed and available for participation no later than by the time of our next face-to-face Council Meeting in approximately 6 months (~September 2008). An important element of this process should be to contact VOs without current representation in order to understand their views of, and needs from the OSG Council.__

&lt;font color=blue&gt;
Discussed this charge and the implications. It was pointed out that the successful At-Large VO representatives were more about personality of the indivuduals than about the philosophy behind the appointment. The individuals would need to be very energetic and engaging to successfully communicate with other communities beyond thier standard communcation channels.
&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Review of VOs not currently represented on OSG Council

   * Note that this is not completely straight forward given that characterization of the Council Membership involves representation not only by VO, but also by facility and partnerships. The table below is a first cut at identifying VOs which do not have representation and may need to be updated with additional inputs from individuals more familiar with breakdown than I (KB):

| *VIRTUAL ORGANIZATION* | *CLASS* | *URL* | *GOOD CONTACT PERSON* |
| NYSGRID | grid | http://www.nysgrid.org | Tom Furlani? |
| CIGI | geo-spatial | http://www.cigi.uiuc.edu | Shaowen Wang? |
| CompBioGrid | biology | http://www.compbiogrid.org | Ion I. Moraru? |
| DES | astrophysics | https://www.darkenergysurvey.org | ? |
| fMRI | biology | http://grid.dartmouth.edu (?) | ? |
| geant4 | high energy physics | http://www.cern.ch/geant4 | ? |
| GUGrid | grid (biology) | http://gugrid.arc.georgetown.edu | ? |
| GPN | grid | http://www.greatplains.net/ | ? |
| GRASE | grid ? | http://osg.ccr.buffalo.edu/grase (?) | ? |
| i2u2 | education | https://fermigrid2.fnal.gov:8443/vomrs/i2u2/vomrs (?) | ? |
| ILC | high energy physics | http://ilc.fnal.gov | ? |
| mariachi | high energy physics | http://www-mariachi.physics.sunysb.edu/wiki | ? |
| nanoHUB | material sciences | http://www.nanohub.org | ? |
| NWICG | grid | http://www.nwicgrid.org | ? |
| SBGrid | grid (biology) | http://www.sbgrid.org | ? |

&lt;font color=blue&gt;
Kent reported the (?) URL were either in error or broken. For example fMRI&#39;s URL doesn&#39;t mention fMRI. Paul reported that several of the VO had become inactive for a considerable stretch of time.  In particular fMRI and GRASE VOs. Paul said that Tom Furlani may know the status of GRASE VO.

An important step in the forward momentum of this subcommittee will be to have good contact information for the at-large VOs. 

Kent has contacted Mine Altunay (OSG Security Officer) to try and get a current up-to-date list of VOs and VO contacts since she has been doing this for security reasons and may have better information than is provided in the table on the OSG website.

Mine&#39;s Response:

&lt;/font&gt;

Hello Kent

Yes we do have a live spreadsheet with up-todate contact information and VO names.

https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=757&amp;version=2&amp;filename=VO%20Contact%20Spreadsheet.xls

It is in the doc db and # 757 v2. Jemise Lockhart did this project and she has the wonership until OIM project is ready to take the baton.

Have a good weekend.

...Mine 

---++++ Discussion of &quot;out-reach&quot; methods to understand these VOs

   * Should we draft a survey for each of these VOs?
   * Should we do a complete interviewing or would a spot set of interviews be adequate?
   * Possibly some combination of the two methods mentioned above?

&lt;font color = blue&gt;
Committee agreed that the interviewing process would be the preferred approach. A possibility that everyone liked would be to invite a couple of at-large VO contacts to several of our subcommittee meetings. This would allows us to reach out to all at-large VOs in with about 5 telecons, we could interview and discuss with them their needs, perspectives and issues interactively.  It is recognized that we would probably not get 100% coverage, but those that did come would do so because they had an interest.
&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Brief discussion of thoughts on selection processes for the two open &quot;at-large VO&quot; seats on Council

&lt;font color=blue&gt;
Shaowen pointed out that our previous discussions were leading up to something like an election. He described a similar governance body associated with a different consortium he is involved with and how they acheive open and fair elections through a process of assigning one or two delegates to each institution. They vote on a board, similar to our council for all seats. 

Kent felt that something like this on the smaller scale of our at-large VOs was probably the correct approach. It may be something we want to look at for a larger percentage of the council in the future, but it is important to recognize that there are major stakeholders in OSG with critical dependencies on the OSG. Applying this to the at-large VOs would also allow us to test out the method on a small scale and possibly tune it for our consortium needs.
&lt;/font&gt;

---++++ Plan our next (and future) teleconferences

&lt;font color=blue&gt;
Agreed to start out with meetings more frequent: roughly every two weeks for now to assure start-up. It would also be impossible to have everyone at all meetings so having them more frequent would assist in keeping members up-to-date on the topics.
&lt;/font&gt;

   * *Next Telecon Meeting will be Tuesday May 13th at 1PM Central (right after the regular OSG Council meeting)*
-- Main.KentBlackburn - 24 Apr 2008
