---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Wednesday, July 13, 2011 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. &amp; Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees
Maxim Potekhin, Tanya Levshina, Mine Altunay, Marco Mambelli, Suchandra Thapa, Robert Engel, Rob Quick, John !McGee, Igor Sfiligoi, Chander Sehgal
---++ Agenda

---+++ 1.5 Engagement - John !McGee 
      * Completed WBS Items:
         * 1.5.2.2 Investigate GlideinWMS as a replacement for OSGMM; S.Cox; 100%
         * 1.5.2.4 OSG Access to RENCI-BlueRidge; 100%
         * 1.5.2.3 Support RENCI Science Portal as an OSG access mechanism; 100%
      * WBS Items on track:
         * 1.5.1.1  Engage 10 new users; 70% ; on track
         * 1.5.1.2 Continue MPI efforts across OSG; Thain; 10/1/10 - 9/30/11; 50%
         * 1.5.2.1 Maintain existing infrastructure for existing users;
         * 1.5.3.1 Engage users requiring virtualization on OSG; 65%
         * 1.5.3.3 Investigate VM computing across OSG, Magelllan and Future Grid; 80%
      * WBS Items that should be modified, or closed out as complete
         * 1.5.1.3 Steffen Bass et al - thoughput and iRODS; 75%
            * Due to NERSC requirements, a proper iRODS deployment for this scenario is not possible
            * we will investigate other use cases within OSG for iRODS applicability
         * 1.5.3.2 Work with campuses to deploy;80% 
            * Campus Grids activity has been transferred from CI-TEAM to core OSG


---+++ 1.8 Content Management - Robert Engel

   * documentation area coordinator for CE area changed from Suchandra to Robert
   * Derek is supporting Terrence&#39;s effort in the VO area
   * Robert and Alain work together to create plan how to move pacman based documents to RPM based documents

---++++ 1.8.1.1 Run Weekly Meetings

   * CE documentation is discussed during the weekly ITB call
   * General documentation meeting on Friday&#39;s with documentation areas that have pending tasks

---++++ 1.8.2.2 Complete testing an effective &quot;user&quot; search for Documentation 

   * we have a [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocFind][prototype]] running for a long time to query documents integrated into the process
   * effective Google search depends on moving all relevant documents into the [[ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][Release Documentation Web]] and masking all other documents from Google
   * navigation is more effective and should be done first

---++++ 1.8.2.5 Provide effective navigation 

   * finish development of [[https://twiki-docteam.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][prototype]]
   * main landing pages have been copied to the ReleaseDocumentation and are being edited

---++++ 1.8.2.8 Complete Review and Test of Documentation under Content Mgmt Control, Provide Release

   * this item is 83% complete by today (+12%)
   * significant progress in VO area due to combined effort of Terrence, Derek and Robert
   * good progress in CE area since we shifted responsibilities

| *Area*  | *Coordinator* | *Documents* | *Reviewed* | *Tested* | *Released* | *Completed* |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/General][General]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  89 |  84 |  7/8 |  82(-2) |  92% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  70(-2) |  49(+7) |  19/25 |  44(+7) |  63% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Storage][Storage]]  | Main.TanyaLevshina |  44 |  35 |  20/23 |  36 |  82% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Security][Security]]  | Main.JamesBarlow |  35 |  35 |  10/10 |  35 |  100% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Tier3][Tier3]]  | Main.MarcoMambelli |  26 |  10 |  4/6 |  18 |  69% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/VO][VO]]  | Main.TerrenceMartin |  22(+3) |  13(+5) |  7/8 |  17(+11) |  77% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/User][User]]  | Main.BrianBockelman |  22 |  19(+1) |  11/13 |  20(+1) |  91% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Operations][Operations]]  | Main.ElizabethChism |  14(-3) |  14 |  12/12 |  14(+2) |  100% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Integration][Integration]]  | Main.SuchandraThapa |  4 |  4 |  1/1 |  4 |  100% |
| All  |  |  325(-2) |  258(+13) |  91/106 |  270(+19) |  83% |

---++++ 1.8.2.9 Integrate Document Release Process into OSG Software Release Process 

   * depends on completion of 1.8.2.8
   * Robert works with Alain on problem
   * create small subset of documents for summer school that is RPM based
   * evaluate effort required and provide recommendations on how to move the pacman based documents to RPM based

---+++ 2.1 Scalability, Reliability, Software Certification and Usability - Igor Sfiligoi 
      * 2.1.1 Storage - Some progress on [[http://hepuser.ucsd.edu/twiki2/bin/view/UCSDTier2/XRootDirect][xrootd]]. A little bit behind the schedule, but still OK.
      * 2.1.2 New CEs - no progress, waiting on VDT
      * 2.1.3 WMS testing - on track
      * 2.1.4 Central services - Did a test of the ITB BDII. Have not yet posted results, since they want a 2nd round of tests (vacation break)
      * 2.1.5 Doc - on track
      * 2.1.6 Tools - on track

   * Any New Business - All


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 23 Jun 2011
