%TOC%

---+Operations Meeting Notes September 12, 2005
Weekly meetings: 1:00pm Mondays Central Phone Number 510-665-5437, Meeting ID 786996

Attendees: Steve(FNAL-FermiLab VO), Lisa(FNAL-USCMS VO), JohnR(IU-Ops), David(LIGO-CalTech), Leigh(IU-Ops), Fred(IU-ATLAS), Murali(PSU), Kyle(IU-OSG WebPages), RobQ(IU-Ops), Doug(LBL), Jason(BNL-ATLAS), Dantong(BNL-ATLAS), Bockjoo(UFL-USCMS), JohnW(FNAL), Alan(TTU)

---++Previous Meeting Notes

Nothing.

---++Current OSG Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

   * *17 Open Tickets*
   * 3 Webpage changes (Addressed in DOCS meeting tomorrow)
   * 2 Maintenance
   * 2 SEs to be added to GridCat (Lisa will check to see if red sites are preferrable to them not being added.)
   * #270 Tracking GUMS issue to be addressed with VDT 1.3.7
   * #306 VO Registration (See Non-Registered VO discussion below)
   * #349 ATLAS edg-mkgridmap.osg problem (addressed in new VO package)
   * #355 DOSAR VO Registration
   * #242 See VO Additions Below
   * #316 Local IU Machine Rebuild
   * #331 New hostnames at UCSD
   * #335 See DOSAR and D0 below.
   * #336 Configuration Problems with globus-job-manager.conf (VDT and IU admin are having discussion)
   * 

   

---++Other Support Centers Tickets Review
---+++USCMS

No open issues to report. 

USCD and UW additions to GridCat, can they be added as inactive? Not at this point.

---+++ATLAS

5 open tickets - 3 regarding tikceting, 1 local, 1 Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA 

---+++SDSS

No one present.

---+++Community Support

No tickets.

---+++LIGO

Is there anything done to encourage sites to add new VOs. LIGO would like to see this automated at least on the ITB. Long term this should all be in a discovery service. Alan and Steve will exchange mail to discuss. David will send mail that I will forward to the communtiy.

---+++Others

Can we send out a GUMS template to review before releasing the new VO package? Rob will check with Leigh but this should be possible.

---++Other VO Topics
---+++DOSAR and D0 VOs

Privlege page URL, may contain site specific information, this needs to be pointed out in the pages. Also should this be done using the registration DB, include GUMS information as a field instead of a page?

Steve Timm will check with the D0 folk about their support center. Rob will send mail.

---+++Non-Registered VOs

Rob will request taking these VOs out of the VO package with the next release to the Trash/Deployment group at the next phone meeting.

---+++OSG VO 

Should this be supported by the Community Support Center? Is this the place where miscellaneous users should be put? How makes sure these users fall under the OSG charter? Doug will take this to the IEB meeting.

---+++VO Privledge Pages
http://www.ivdgl.org/~jrosheck/ivdgl-vo-privilege.html

Too much site specific information in this example page. Needs clearer documentation of VOMS information. Should every VO have to come up with this? Should we just add the GUMS information to the registration. This should be addressed with the support centers group.

---++Other Topics
---+++Site Status Reporting for OSG
http://www.ivdgl.org/~rquick/site_status.txt

This will be taken to the Documentation meeting for the possibility of using RSS, and the Support Centers for discussion.

-- Main.RobQ - 12 Sep 2005
