<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> 20091015ETAgendaMinutes &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/20091015ETAgendaMinutes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit 20091015ETAgendaMinutes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/20091015ETAgendaMinutes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="OSG_Area_Coordinators_Meeting"></a> OSG Area Coordinators Meeting </h1>
<h3><a name="Meeting_Coordinates"></a> Meeting Coordinates </h3>
<p />
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table cellspacing="0" id="table1" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="cols" border="1">
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Date</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> Thursday, October 15, 2009 </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Time</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> Noon Central </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <b>Telephone Number</b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol"> 510-665-5437 </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <b>Teleconference ID<b> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> 1111 </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Attendees"></a> Attendees </h3>
Igor Sfiligoi, Abhishek Rana, Peter Doherty, Mine Altunay, Chander Sehgal, Tanya Levshina, Jeff Foote, Rob Gardner, Alain Roy, Jim Weichel, Sebastien Goasguen
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> 1.1 Software - Alain Roy / Tanya Levshina (confirmed)
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> 1.3 <span class="twikiNewLink">Intergration &amp; Sites<a href="/bin/edit/Trash/Trash/IntegrationOct2009?topicparent=Management.20091015ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="Intergration <span class='twikiAccessKey'>a</span>mp; Sites (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - Rob Gardner (confirmed)
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> 1.4 VOs – Abhishek Rana (confirmed)
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> 1.6 Campus Grids – Sebastien Goasguen (confirmed)
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Software_Report"></a> Software Report </span></h2>
<p />
We last reported at the Area Coordinator's Meeting on <a href="/bin/view/Management/20090611ETAgendaMinutes" class="twikiLink">June 11, 2009</a>. 
<p />
Highlights of our accomplishments include:
<p /> <ul>
<li> Released OSG 1.2, sites have begun adopting it. 
</li> <li> Eight updates to the Pacman packaged software, more on the way.
</li> <li> Significant work on usability of RSV. Marco, working for the STG, has developed "rsv-control", which is nearing release, and will help system administrators maintain an RSV installation.
</li> <li> Released an important new version of lcg-utils (command-line storage tools, requested by CMS) and LFC (file catalog, used by ATLAS).
</li> <li> Continued working on storage test suite (maintained in Storage group), adding tests for lcg-utils client and  third-party copies
</li> <li> Tested/troubleshooted/certified, bestman (server and clients), XRootd (and related components), dCache (server and clients), and lcg-utils
</li> <li> Released a new dCache installation procedure that include community tool chest rpms
</li> <li> Participated in testing of bestman/hadoop installation from rpms, provided feedback
</li> <li> Organized OSG Storage Forum 
</li> <li> Participated/provided tutorials (OSG Fundamentals and Storage)  in OSG Admin workshop
</li> <li> Released test version of storage discovery tools
</li> <li> Worked on FY10 goals for software
</li> <li> Improved coordination via monthly meetings between XRoot developers and OSG. 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Currently working on: <ul>
<li> Native packaging
</li> <li> Plan for dropping support for old platforms (like Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3)
</li> <li> Improved distribution of RSV
</li> <li> Uniform software license
</li> <li> Improving software requirements. 
</li> <li> Release of storage discovery tools via VDT
</li> <li> Improvements of storage test suite design
</li> <li> Investigation of the tools for log troubleshooting
</li> <li> Improvements of  OSG twiki documentation layout with documentation team  
</li> <li> Recommendation for SE selection and VDT installation for T3 ATLAS and CMS sites 
</li> <li> Facilitating allocation of opportunistic storage for SCEC  at various OSG sites 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Ongoing efforts: <ul>
<li> Providing site admins and VO support to all software &amp; storage related issues
</li> <li> Certifying newly released storage software
</li> <li> Working with T3 sites 
</li></ul> 
<p />
Near Future work: <ul>
<li> Continue to work on investigation of storage troubleshooting tools
</li> <li> Provide dCache golden release in VDT
</li> <li> Continue to work with Hadoop team to improve bestman/hadoop installation
</li> <li> Install/configure bestman/lustre on test stand 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Virtual_Organizations_Group"></a> Virtual Organizations Group </span></h2>
<p />
Last reported at the Area Coordinator's Meeting on <a href="/bin/view/Management/20090611ETAgendaMinutes" class="twikiLink">June 11, 2009</a>. 
<p />
<h3><a name="FY3_2008_09_Summary"></a> FY3 2008-09 Summary </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Year3 ground work and impact on at-large VOs' Production: <ul>
<li> Work was planned and executed jointly; effort shared between OSG and key experts from VOs.
</li> <li> <u>Dzero</u> pulled up from 15-30% (30-50K hours/day) efficiency to 60-80% (80-120K hours/day). Resulted in new monte-carlo production peaks, and D0's own internal taskforces. Qizhong Li pointed out in July'09 that joint effort has led to an interesting practical metric: "a publication per week" due to MC production on OSG. 
</li> <li> <u>Fermilab-VO's</u> TeraGrid gateway picked up from near-0 activity, and was refocused with D0 as a real user. 
</li> <li> <u>Geant4</u> re-started up to use OSG for its regression cycles in June'09 and Nov'09.
</li> <li> <u>CDF</u> and <u>STAR</u> have tangible plans and needs. Not all needs were met, but good potential for success.
</li> <li> <u>ALICE</u> started up in the US. Resulted in formation of US ALICE's internal plan for a Tier-2 Facility, to be jointly established at NERSC/LBNL and LLNL. 
</li> <li> <u>nanoHUB</u> pulled from near-0 to 500 hrs/day with application jobs. Resulted in influx of user jobs toward OSG resources. 
</li> <li> <u>SBGrid</u> pulled from 0 to 2000 hrs/day (from a VO usage view), and from 0 functional sites to 2 functional sites (community grid view). Usage dropped down to 0-20 hrs/day in latter-half of FY3. Ramp up and expansion planned for FY4.
</li> <li> Increased focus on <u>IceCube</u>. Formation of plans for scale-out from GLOW to other OSG sites.
</li> <li> <u>CompBioGrid, GPN, GROW</u> have good potential. Attempt was made to pull up activity, and to make a plan.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> Management staff of VOs providing direct input of Plans &amp; Requirements to EB and Council: 15+ 
</li> <li> Official Reports presented to the EB and Council: August'09 and March'09.
</li> <li> Scientific Publications collected for Annual NFS Report: 100+ (Work done with OSG Communications Area)
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> OSG 1.2 pre-release validation on ITB 1.1: <ul>
<li> VOs participating: 13 
</li> <li> ATLAS, ALICE, CDF, CMS, Dzero, DES, DOSAR, Engage-VO, Fermilab-VO, LIGO, nanoHUB, SBGrid, STAR.
</li> <li> Strict punctuality of closure deadline: VOs validation opened and closed within 3 weeks. 
</li> <li> As trade-off in timeline, only a subset of VOs performed a thorough validation.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> OSG 1.0.1 pre-release validation on ITB 0.9.2:    <ul>
<li> VOs participating: 6
</li> <li> ATLAS, CDF, CMS, Dzero, Fermilab-VO, LIGO.
</li> <li> Strict punctuality of closure deadline: VOs validation opened and closed within 4 weeks.
</li> <li> Work done with OSG Sites and Trash/Trash/Integration Area.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> VOs participating in Weekly VO Forums: 15+ <ul>
<li> Usual attendance by representatives of: CDF, Dzero, DES, Fermilab-VO, ILC, nanoHUB, NYSGrid, SBGrid/NEBioGrid. 
</li> <li> Increased focus was put on VOs with limited activity: CompBioGrid, GPN, GUGrid, GROW, IceCube, MARIACHI.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> OSG Areas directly interacting with VOs in Weekly VO Forums:  <ul>
<li> Security, Storage, Communications, Operations/GOC, WMS, Engagement. 
</li> <li> As trade-off in scope of discussions, context of operational Security and its implication on VOs was not clear.     
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> VOs that were closed in FY3: 2  <ul>
<li> <u>GUGrid, MARIACHI</u>.
</li> <li> Decision based on each's self-assessment. Due to lack of activity/funds.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> New VO registrations in OIM/GOC that were vetted and stopped: 2 <ul>
<li> <u>MinerVa</u>, merged into Fermilab-VO. 
</li> <li> <u>CALICE</u>, persuaded to get an official plan or to merge into ILC.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> New VO registrations in OIM/GOC that were vetted and cleared: 3  <ul>
<li> <u>GROW, JDEM, NEBioGrid</u>.  
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> FY3 WBS Items that were not completed / in need of improvement: <ul>
<li> # 1.4.1.2.3 - Organize annual face-to-face meeting of at-large VOs.
</li> <li> # 1.4.1.4 - Assist in planning of new software features with Project Management and Software/VDT teams.
</li> <li> # 1.4.3.3 - Encourage more VOs to make transition to using SRM-based opportunistic storage.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="FY4_2009_10_Plan"></a> FY4 2009-10 Plan </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> VOs opportunistic utilization and production efficiency: <ul>
<li> In phase with LHC startup, gauge any limitations of opportunistic resource availability for other VOs on OSG.
</li> <li> Monitor accounting data and characteristics of VOs. Use both views - OSG Accounting and VOs Accounting.
</li> <li> Preemption/Eviction is a prevalent characteristic in opportunistic grid usage. With ET's direction, commission a recommendation/solution for adoption by affected VOs.
</li> <li> With ET's direction, organize and lead Joint TaskForces to rapidly resolve wide-range matters for specific VOs. Ensure closure within 4-6 weeks.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Analyze portfolio of functional VOs and recommend needed actions to the ET: <ul>
<li> Value delivery to Group 1: <u>D0, CDF, Fermi-VO</u>.
</li> <li> Value delivery to Group 2: <u>DES (+ JDEM), DOSAR, ILC, STAR</u>.
</li> <li> Value delivery to Group 3: <u>Geant4, NYSGrid</u>.
</li> <li> Quarterly executive summary to ET on functional VOs.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Manage portfolio of VOs that have limited activity: <ul>
<li> <u>IceCube</u>: Phased expansion on OSG using glideinWMS and Squid/SRM Storage.
</li> <li> <u>ALICE</u>: Phased increase in operations on OSG. Execute USALICE plan on NERSC &amp; LLNL, and/or VO-Box at GLOW.
</li> <li> <u>CompBioGrid, GPN, GROW, nanoHUB</u>: Specialized support to enable gradual increase in quantitative activity; evaluate results.
</li> <li> <u>NEBioGrid, SBGrid</u>: If needed, work together to manage gradual increase in quantitative activity.
</li> <li> <u>CIGI, GRASE, NWICG</u>: Assess availability of roadmaps.
</li> <li> With ET's direction, assess viability (and closure) of a VO if success-roadmap and value proposition is unclear.
</li> <li> <u>New VO registrations in GOC</u>: Evaluate clarity of plan, and assist EB in deciding approval or denial of registration.
</li> <li> <u>New VO formations via Engagement</u>: Work with Engagement &amp; Trash/Trash/CampusGrids area to assess/execute plan.
</li> <li> Quarterly executive summary to ET on inactive VOs.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Organize a forum for regular stakeholder interaction: <ul>
<li> Organize Weekly-VO-Forum teleconferences, inviting select VOs and peer OSG Areas.
</li> <li> Organize F2F Annual OSG VOs &amp; Users Meeting.
</li> <li> Organize F2F meetings with specific VOs as needed.
</li> <li> Serve as conduit for peer OSG Areas to facilitate at-large VOs matters. E.g., Content Mgt, Software, Sites Coordination, Storage, Scalability/Reliability/Usability.
</li> <li> Collect VOs scientific publications (<u>including ATLAS, CMS, LIGO</u>) for annual DOE &amp; NSF reports.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Stakeholder participation in OSG planning and software: <ul>
<li> Organize periodic collection of VOs plans and requirements. Communicate VOs direct input to Council.
</li> <li> Plan and execute pre-release software validation by VOs (<u>including ATLAS, CMS, LIGO</u>) on ITB.
</li> <li> Manage and track VOs software requirements.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Campus_Grid_report"></a> Campus Grid report </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Working on BOINC/Gratia probe due Dec 1st
</li> <li> <span class="twikiNewLink">TarHeel<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TarHeel?topicparent=Management.20091015ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TarHeel (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> Grid and <span class="twikiNewLink">BlueDevelGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/BlueDevelGrid?topicparent=Management.20091015ETAgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="BlueDevelGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> being worked on, slow progress, need users and buy in locally
</li> <li> Working with South Carolina Governor School and Converse College within the framework of an EPSCOR grant with UTK.
</li> <li> STAR successfully working on Clemson's VM, birdnest CE.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Campus_Grids_plan_for_Y4"></a> Campus Grids plan for Y4: </span></h2>
<p />
1.6.1	Organize One Campus grid ( and possibly connect to OSG)	3/1/2010	
<p />
1.6.2 	Organize Second Campus grid ( and possibly connect to OSG)	8/1/2010
<p />
1.6.4 	Define Campus grid success 	12/1/2009	
<p />
1.6.5	Draft Campus Grid vision and action steps	12/1/2009	
<p />
1.6.6	Campus Infrastructure Workshop (in Chicago)	12/9/2009	
<p />
Related activities:
1.6.3 	Gratia probe accounting for BOINC work to OSG done	12/1/2009	
1.6.7	Maintain OSG EDU submit machine	9/31/2010	
1.6.8	Evaluate use of CERNVM for campus grids	3/31/2010	
1.6.9	Write a minimum of two Campus grids howtos	2/1/2010	
1.6.10	Work with STAR to evaluate VM mechanisms on the grid	12/31/2009	
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name=""></a>  </span></h2></div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Management/AreaCoordinator" class="twikiLink">AreaCoordinator</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>20091015ETAgendaMinutes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r19 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:50 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />