---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Tuesday November 8, 2011
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Acceptance of last months minutes from October 11 [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/October-11-2011]]

   * Attending: Rob Quick, Bill Barnett, Richard Mount, Brad Abbott, Paul Avery, Miriam Boon, Michael Ernst, Jen Nahn (minutes), Lothar Bauerdick, Rick Snider,  Chander Seghal, Jerome Lauret, Horst Severini, Ruth Pordes, Bob Clare (briefly)

---++ [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Previous action items]]

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ (No Announcements)
 
---+++ SuperComputing 2011

   *  SC11 is coming up November 12-18 in Seattle:  http://sc11.supercomputing.org/
   *  Please make any appropriate additions to this list: SuperComputing of participants/exhibitors who will be talking about OSG there.
   * The OSG Communications Coordinator - Miriam Boon - will be in attendance and visiting OSG institutions&#39; exhibits to talk with you. 
%BLUE% *minutes*

Note we don’t have literature – brochures to hand out, hoping people will simply talk.  In future, get in earlier if specific.
Miriam:  Anyone interested in tweeting or blogging from Seattle, any OSG-relevant talks etc, contact Miriam about all that.  And Miriam will forward to blog consolidator.
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ iSGTW Name Change Suggestions (Miriam)

As you know the name of iSGTW was going to be changed at the beginning of this year and then we ran into copyright/trademark issues. The topic is now on the table again in the ISGTW Board meeting which includes EGI, CERN, Taiwan/ASGC, OSG and Fermilab. The name will be chosen by &quot;vote&quot;. This is the &quot;last ditch effort&quot; to talk about a name change. If it does not happen this time we will drop the topic from consideration. 

Katie Yurkewicz, Paul Avery, Ruth and Miriam have votes.

   * Top contenders:
      * The Analytical Engine
      * Ada Lovelace Magazine
      * The punch card

%BLUE% *minutes*

Have decided to either do this or move on.  List of names. Will trademark before changing, if we do it.  iSGTW itself as an acronym – is it a brand? Miriam finds it is not recognized.  Miriam is funded at half-FTE; Europeans are funding 1.5 FTE for iSGTW and related activities.  If we’re opposed to a name change, we probably need a letter from Council (co-chairs) expressing how, in an era of constrained budget, there’s a question of our commitment to iSGTW.  

Core funding after review – what will options be, considering we’re understaffed already.  Ruth expresses concern that a shortfall in OSG Communications effort presents a risk for OSG related articles and exposure.  Miriam agrees, noting that Supercomputing centers have their own PR.  OSG sites don’t.  
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ACTION
Follow up on iSGTW name change, first with Council, then with iSGTW board.

ACTION:  (Paul Avery) -- Investigate future funding for iSGTW past the current Mar 2012 drop off date and the risk of a shortfall in future OSG Project funding for even the current 1/2 FTE.

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * Usage on OSG has decreased over the last couple of months. Still working with the production management and user support to better understand any underlying reasons. 
%BLUE% *minutes*
Usage has decreased last couple months. Working to understand any underlying reasons: LHC and LIGO reduction in use, but other users reductions as well.  We have spare resources, new members are welcome, so any council members please bring them if you know of them.  

Last meeting of resources, we were using all fully, so this is a surprise to (Richard?).  Can do some checking.  Paul comment:  Looked at usage over last year, gradual buildup, but July-August there was a surge, now down to a level that’s higher than the old level but not pre-surge.    Chander:  Usage by CMS and ATLAS hasn’t changed much. Run II experiments sum up to about 300,000.  But opportunistic usage eroded.  Why?  If the surge is an annual occurrence, we have less reason to worry.
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Action:  
Jen make OSG status more obvious in news box.

Continue to discuss usage. ACTION to bring in new users.

   * OSG as an XSEDE SP - agreement to have OSG listed as a resource that can be requested by XSEDE allocation requests in mid-Dec. This means some web pages documentation before that date. Any allocations granted will be ready to submit in April 2012. Work is proceeding to understand all the tasks we need to complete before then (campus grid installation/submission; authentication/authorization; submit mode recommendations; accounting and reporting etc. I have asked Chander for a project plan/list of items.)
%BLUE% *minutes*
Chander comments that we need to come up with a laundry list.  The XSEDE resource allocation committee meeting in December – Ruth and Chander are attending.

We’re also taking the approach that we’re appearing with XSEDE as part of a broader infrastructure program. 
%ENDCOLOR%

   * OSG CA - any comments/questions on the mail send on Monday. 
%BLUE% *minutes*
Any comments?  Once pilot is well understood and underway, there will be more to do.  Paul: Curious why they feel it’s not in their mission?  Because it’s operational, used by a single (HEP) scientific community.  Expect LHC users to get certs from CERN.  Big issue is host certs.    Rob has had conversations with Von Welch (Indiana; OSG CA Activity team leader) – will look at this once pilot starts.  Chander is project manager and owns the list of action items and tasks.  If you have a request, he can bring it, but we’re trying to keep this kind of tight to determine if this is a viable option.   Rob/Chander will talk offline.
%ENDCOLOR%

   * WLCG  TEG have started. There are several working meetings at CERN over the next couple of months.
%BLUE% *minutes*
report to board tomorrow, meetings at CERN over months, not out by end of 2011 but it’s proceeding.  
%ENDCOLOR%

   * CERN proposal to EU for work in data preservation/open access reaching out for collaboration between EU and US both to the labs and the NSF. What this all means is still far from clear. (They need to get funded first)
   * No news on the OSG proposal except that it is expected to be reviewed &quot;soon&quot;.

   * September Council Action item: Ruth - will revise charter to include services and present to council at Oct teleconf.
      * Existing OSG Charter - http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=25&amp;extension=doc
      * Does it in practice need changing?

%BLUE% *minutes*

Does it in practice need revision?  Is a charter something written once and not returned to? Comments are made that it needs tweaking.  Grid infrastructure in particular, I don’t think we want to mention this as a public point.  Or could it remain as is until the new proposal?  Michael suggests we set this aside. Do we agree it needs some changes and we will revisit in a month or so?   Are we going to edit it?  YES.
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++OUTCOME  
Council agrees charter needs some editing. Perhaps the term Sustaining Charter describes it best and will be used.


---+++ Brief report on upcoming Collaborations for Extreme-Scale Science Workshop (Richard)
   * See https://indico.bnl.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?ovw=True&amp;confId=403
%BLUE% *minutes*

Focus is on collaboration to do extreme-scale science which involves all of what we call e-science.  Setup a workshop to help define a 10 year program for ASCR.  About $6million per year, which just scratches the surface of our issues on collaborational data and processes.  Still trying to define the scale and therefore scope of activities to address, but meeting nevertheless.  Fifty-person workshop or so.  Compact enough to do something. Have been having organizing meetings with about 20 people every week for 4-5 meetings, at which we’re trying to prepare, set up what the program might contain and allow that in the two days of the workshop, real progress will be made.

Every member has given input on what they consider important.  Got all these topics somewhat randomly and put into a map, which is gradually getting more structure. Next step to solicit from members of the committee “What would science believe would be an ideal environment over 10 years, and from computer science what to offer that’s really revolutionary”.  

Progress in inviting people:  49 have been invited, can overbook up to 55 or so for 50 people to turn out.  About 1/3 computer scientists, maybe 15% related to computing facilities, the rest application scientists.  Experimental HEP is correctly represented with about 4 people.  Quite a lot of astro people, nuclear physics adequately represented, but what’s worrying is the small representation from basic energy sciences.  Any program that carries a lot of weight needs support from basic energy sciences.

Guidance may go beyond what to do with $6 million; may get marching orders to address bigger areas of future activity than originally thought.  

Even if you don’t come to the workshop, white papers are welcomed.
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ All Hands Meeting Preparation
   * Need a few volunteers to form program committee
   * Did panels work well enough last year to repeat?
   * Council Face to Face -- Thurs pm / Fri am OK again?

%BLUE% *minutes*

David Swanson sends apologies – AHM prep is where it needs to be. Logistics are coming along.  Now looking at the agenda, and putting together web pages. 

Council Face to Face – Thurs afternoon-Fri morning OK?  Leave it for now that way; if after the New Year we want to change it, we can.

Program committee – Nebraska can hunt people down on their own.  What about the panels?  Follow up by email.
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ACTION
Follow up about panels for AHM.

ACTION:  Respond to Emails about International Outreach visitors program


---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * International Outreach visitors program - update - Horst Severini


---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues
 
%BLUE% *minutes*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB
   * 




-- Main.JenniferNahn - 11 Nov 2011
