---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Mar31][March 31]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

Patch release of the probe is in the VTB for VDT 1.2.

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

Dan: All okay.

Philippe: Slow housekeeping response may be due to a missing index.

---+OSG Issues

Brian:  Scale testing the xrootd transfer probe.   Need to tweak it a little.  1000 clients on 10 xrootd dumps too much data for the probe to absorb (too much memory).

Brian: about the transfer report, we will have to resolve the naming convention between Resource/Resource Group and ProbeName ; the convention we decided on for job might not apply to Storage Element.

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

Implementation is hitting a little snag (running out of PermGen memory (80Gb)) - the old server was using only 60Gb ...

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
