<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> 20061109AgendaMinutes &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/20061109AgendaMinutes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit 20061109AgendaMinutes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/20061109AgendaMinutes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <del>---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting November  9th 2006
</del><ins>---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 26 October 2006
</ins><div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Agenda"> Agenda</a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Pending_Action_Items">  Pending Action Items</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Usage_and_Users_Support"> Usage and Users Support </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Resources_Management"> Resources Management</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Facility"> Facility </a> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Users_in_Multiple_VOs_issues"> Users in Multiple VOs issues</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Security"> Security</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Update_on_Trash_Trash_Integratio"> Update on Trash/Trash/Integration Worry List --- Rob</a>
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Executive_Director">Executive Director </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#AOB">AOB</a>
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </span></h2>
Mike, Rob, Doug, Ruth,  Alain, Torre, Miron, Frank, Kent
<p />
<h3><a name="Pending_Action_Items"></a> Pending Action Items </h3>
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table cellspacing="0" id="table1" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="cols" border="1">
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> Item </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> Date due </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol"> Status </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> Complete Project Plan to Agencies </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> Dec 1 </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol"> &nbsp; </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> Ruth with call meeting of VO liaisons operating across OSG and EGEE to tell OSG what they need in terms of gLITE client tools in VDT. </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> &nbsp; </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol"> &nbsp; </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted1 twikiTableRowdataBg1">
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> Dec 6th </td>
			<td bgcolor="#f2f3f6" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> Miron, Leigh </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Usage_and_Users_Support"></a> Usage and Users Support </span></h2>
Status of VOs planning Production Runs:
<del>   * GADU - production run started on OSG and TG, see <a href="http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/gaduvo/gadu_jobs.cgi" target="_top">job status</a> and <a href="http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/sulakhe/cgi-bin/site_selection_new.pl" target="_top">site status</a> pages. See also <a href="/bin/view/Management/CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109#GADU" class="twikiAnchorLink">status report</a>
</del><ins>   * GADU - production run started on OSG and TG, see <a href="http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/gaduvo/gadu_jobs.cgi" target="_top">job status</a> and <a href="http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/sulakhe/cgi-bin/site_selection_new.pl" target="_top">site status</a> pages. See also <span class="twikiNewLink">status report<a href="/bin/edit/Management/GADUStatusReportDina20061109?topicparent=Management.20061109AgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="status report (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</ins><del>   * Charmm
</del><ins>   * Charmm - do they need help on getting through the first hurdles?
</ins><del>   * <a href="/bin/view/Management/CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109#DZERO" class="twikiAnchorLink">Preparing for D0</a>
</del><ins>   * <a href="/bin/view/Management/CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109#D0" class="twikiAnchorLink">Preparing for D0</a>
</ins><del>   * CompBioGrid?
</del><ins>   * CompBioGrid? no expections.
</ins><del>   * Windward? 
</del><ins>   * Windward? bringing up OSG server and client nodes; new community. Miron, Mike, Ruth, John. What does OSG need to understand to approve the request. Nothing! We are definitely approving them. The discussion is to understand their need and the working together. Matlab licence issues is not. that run a licence free executable. similar problem with lisp. Assign a technical contact person. UCSD (Frank) is the technical contact. LIGO already runs compiled matlab on the OSG.
</ins>
Other reports: <ul>
<li> Combined tables and report update for <a href="/bin/view/Management/CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109" class="twikiLink">DES, D0, Fermilab, GADU and SDSS</a>.
</li> <li> <a href="/bin/view/Management/DESStatusReportNK20061109" class="twikiLink">DES Report from Nickolai Kouropatkine</a>   Talk to Nickolai about resubmission being a normal part of life and the applications should be robust enough to be resubmitted. Errors have to be tolerated.   Chris should deal with it. How should we educate our VOs? Improve the documentation should be one response. Documentation is done between User Group coordination and Technical Writer (Anne). Chris should come to Frank and asks for help. 
</li> <li> LIGO - no issues. Visible at a scale larger than expected on OSG.
</li> <li> CMS - request from Peter Elmer and Ian to use opportunistic sites on OSG. Haifeng and Bockjoo will make tickets from the problem sites. Authenticate, srm-get, srm-put. Why does the application not bring srm-cp with it? Client installation includes certificates and CRLs that are needed. OSG plan to offer the VOs common components as dynamically installable RPMs or other mechanisms. 
</li> <li> FMRI VO - <span class="twikiNewLink">UofC<a href="/bin/edit/Management/UofC?topicparent=Management.20061109AgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="UofC (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> is starting to bring FMRI VO back to life.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Resources_Management"></a> Resources Management </span></h2> <ul>
<li> 2 signed by PI, 1 signed by ED, 0 signed by RM, 8 in preparation, 6  with PIs. (total 17) <a href="http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/" target="_top">SOWs</a> 
</li> <li> Plans for Finance Board meeting , 13th December 1 pm Caltech.
</li></ul> 
<del>   * Operational Metrics -- discussion
</del><ins>   * Operational Metrics -- discussion. Important part of the success of OSG is what resources VOs are using that they do not own. How do we measure this? How do we label the resources? We are providing a means for people to use their resources more effectively?  Do we need to subdivide the sites. Need to tag failures and wasted runs. ATLAS has all the information. How many resources we use where the job does not complete successfully.
</ins>
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Facility"></a> Facility </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Operations Coordinator biweekly Report -- Leigh
</li></ul> 
<p />
 a) Identifing technical effort to work on EGEE/WLCG/OSG interoperability. 
<p />
      The bulk of the policy and procedure development work has been
      in operations and in this management team. It seems there are
      now several technical challenges in the softwawre development
      area, for instanse, SFTs and accounting interoperability. Could a
      plan for meeting these challenges be discussed?
<p />
<h3><a name="Users_in_Multiple_VOs_issues"></a> Users in Multiple VOs issues </h3> <ul>
<li> Recommendations for use and configuration of GUMS
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Security"></a> Security </h3> <ul>
<li> Recommendations as a result of this weeks security alert 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Update_on_Trash_Trash_Integratio"></a> Update on Trash/Trash/Integration Worry List --- Rob </h3>
<p />
1a) Update on Information Distribution  (BDII/CEMON/??)  plan - Leigh
<p />
1b) Accounting and Privledge -- Update on ITB discussions with Accounting project; 
<p />
2) OSG dashboard-like testing - Leigh
<p />
3) Application and fabric best practices
<p />
4) CE Storage and OSG SEs
<p />
5) Documentation support load
<p />
6) Process
 - Schedule  -- The Project Plan has the release of OSG 0.6.0 at the end of Febuary. This is a high level agency milestone which we are planning to meet.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Executive_Director"></a> Executive Director </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Plans for Executive Board and Trash/Trash/Blueprint meetings, December 14-15th caltech
</li> <li> Status of the project plan
</li></ul> 
<del>   * OSG VO
</del><ins>   * OSG VO - Ruth will call. Rob/Leigh. Doug. 
</ins>   * Partnership Issues  <ul>
 <li>
 <ul>
<li> Issues from WLCG.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<del>         * Present plan for site functional tests to GDB on Dec 7th
</del><ins>         * Present plan for site functional tests to GDB on Dec 6th - Create list of tests. Get feedback from Frank and Torre on what think about tests. Are there things missing? are there things that do not need to be included in the testing? Send to WLCG and ask how they want to proceed. 
</ins><del>         * OSG plans for WLCG Collaboration meeting
</del><ins>         * OSG plans for WLCG Collaboration meeting - Frank, Rob, Torre? Ruth will be there. this is sufficient. If someone insists can prepare a presentation and do it remotely. 
</ins><del>      * TeraGrid - top 5 OSG issues to be posted by meeting
</del><ins>      * <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20061109AgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> all hands and Operations workshop overlap in June. No problem from Miron. 
</ins>      * <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20061109AgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> - top 5 OSG issues to be posted by meeting.  Interest from <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Management/TeraGrid?topicparent=Management.20061109AgendaMinutes" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> that we provide things together.  Come with a common voice and proposals. Mike joined the Campus Education sub-rat. 1st telecon today. Focusing on how to obtain support for education activities.  <ul>
 <li>
 <ul>
<li> Other?
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </span></h2> <ul>
 <li>
 <ul>
<li> OISE Copenhagen meeting - any issues? 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> - 07 Nov 2006
<p />
<del>-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/ChrisGreen" class="twikiLink">ChrisGreen</a> - 09 Nov 2006</del>-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/ChrisGreen" class="twikiLink">ChrisGreen</a> - 09 Nov 2006</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>20061109AgendaMinutes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r13 - 12 Oct 2016 - 15:10:33 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />