OSG Executive Team Meeting, August 23rd , 2007

%TOC%

Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437

---+ Agenda &amp; Meeting Notes
Attending: Alain, Mike, Chander, Ruth, RobG, RobQ

---++ Project Issues
---++ Year2 Planning Update
   * Verbal briefing by Chander:
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/year2_OSG_SOW_Status_082307.pdf][year2_OSG_SOW_Status_082307.pdf]]: year2 OSG SOW Status 082307
Draft WBS in place being refined. Applications and extensions will get attention when Frank is back. Started writing SOWs and talking to organizational PIs. on Twiki is a PDF with the status

---++ OSG 0.8.0 Release
Suchandra, Rob Q chaired the integration fest today. Hope to start to validate VOs on the ITB in a week. Storage - install fest mostly CE; 
RobQ: GOC working on all the tickets. Arvind focused on the RSV issues. VORS maintenance in progress - learning after John Rosheck departure. 
Interoperability - asking help from Anand and Will; Information Services ok.
Alain: RSV needs a long lived proxy. RobQ will bring it up at the security team meeting. 
Would be nice to have a clean set of top level information services for applications testing.

https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITBInstallFestAug23 &lt;/br&gt;
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB_0_7/SiteValidationTable

No testing against GridCat or MonaLisa. As of 31st GridCat will be turned off and removed.

Documentation: in a state of flux. 10 sites installed. Would agree we need a full set of documentation for the Applications people in a week. Applications will be coordinated by Abhishek as far as we can tell. 

---++ Security Incident
RobQ: VOMRS vulnerability announced on Tuesday. Patch being negotiated with EGEE.
VOMS-ADMIN vulnerability also identified. We have not sent out a mail about the voms-admin vulnerability. Security officer needs to decide whether Operations sends out an email. 
As to which version of voms-admin to ask for: Ruth will talk to Todd. 
Few weeks for the backport from Andrea.
Total time for new voms-admin is few weeks but is a big hit on the VDT team. It is never easy to take a new version of the voms-admin s/w.
How much backporting needs to be done? Likely very hard to get new voms-admin working in old versions of the VDT. 

---++ WLCG Reliability Metrics and the OSG
RobQ: Discussing with SAM, GridView people about what is a valid critical testing for an OSG site. Can have different criteria for passing a test. Will have a WLCG monitoring group meeting next Tuesday. Goal to get some results through to the GridView. Term &quot;WLCG Passing OSG Site&quot;.

---++ EOT
Report from Mike.  A survey-monkey survey for the first time from the Nebraska school. Will be following up on ideas and action items from these reports. Will be following up with students on biweely meetings. Georgetown proposal very complementary to what EOT is doing. 





-- Main.RuthPordes - 22 Aug 2007

