Attendees: AlanSill, KyleGross, RobQ, TimSilvers, MarciaTeckenbrock

---++ Last Meeting&#39;s Notes



---++ Trouble Tickets

   * 2281 - Webpage Request: News &amp; Events box problems - This seems to be working now.  Closing Ticket.

---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

   * On each &quot;main level link&quot; make it policy that every &quot;sublink&quot; is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)  -- I suppose this will be taken care of by Xenomedia



---++ News Box


 

---++ Topics


   * Need better VO info.  Long name field?  What info goes on website?  Short Name - Long Name - Support Center - Community  -  &lt;b&gt;We need to gather information for this now.  Fields are ready&lt;/b&gt;
   * Moved Development instance to Fermi.  This should provide for easier movement of databases and patches.


---++ Other Topics



Marcia and Alan talked yesterday:  

   Alan is working to transition info towards the new website.  He wants a how-to guide to really help users with getting the client going correctly.  He&#39;ll be passing other info along to marcia.


-- Main.KyleGross - 15 Aug 2006

