
-- Main.DanFraser - 17 Feb 2010
---++ Attendees: 
   * Tanya, Mine, Marco, Rob S., Rik, Doug, Dan
---++ Significant/Action Items:
   * The meeting time has been moved from 10am Central to 9am Central. I have updated the web page.
   * Items from the T3 meeting at CERN (Doug, Rik)
      * The T3 meeting spawned six focused working groups:
         * Distributed Storage (Xrootd/Lustre) -- lots of international interest in Xrootd and strong European interest in Lustre
         * Virtualization
         * PROOF -- although not currently widely used, there is lots of interest in using PROOF
         * Data Access -- plan is to enable T3s to download analysis sets without the complexities of subscription. In exchange for a simplified infrastructure, the T3s would be responsible for managing their own datasets. 
         * Software and Conditions database
         * User Support - Plan to incorporate T3s into general Atlas support
      * Follow up from the working groups will be discussed at the OSG All Hands Meeting (Atlas Session)
      * There is a lot of interest in having an Atlas wide deployment strategy for T3s. As a result the current plan is to try and use the deployment mechanism from Asoka in Canada. This tool allows users to select either an OSG or gLite infrastructure base. This leads to several requirements for OSG:
         * Reduce the dependence on using the &quot;root&quot; user during installation.
         * T3s will not need to deploy a Storage Element other than GridFTP. Separate GridFTP installation docs will be required. Tanya noted that these already exist.
         * While there was no discussion of security at the Atlas meeting, the security strategy that Atlas is currently pursuing is to keep the T3s isolated from the grid as much as possible.
   * The newest T3 at UCLA now has a CE setup and has found a couple of ambiguities in the SE documentation. This has been passed along to Tanya. (Rob)
   * CMS plan is to set up a centralized PHEDEX infrastructure to manage data for the T3s. Currently this is being planned to be set up and maintained at FNAL. This will eliminate the need for each T3 to deploy PHEDEX, which is difficult to get working. Instead each site will use a simpler FTS client. (Rob)
   * CMS is continuing its testing and evaluation of matching different storage elements with the CMS T3 CE. (Rob)
   * We agreed on a layout for the Joint CMS/Atlas/OSG T3 meeting at the OSG All Hands meeting. The format is 90 minutes:
      * Atlas T3 Organization and plans (Doug, or Rik, or Mossimo?) - 10 minutes
      * CMS T3 Organization and plans (Rob S.) - 10 minutes
         * discussion (compare and contrast efforts) ~10 mins
      * Atlas use of Virtualization for T3s (Rik/Doug to provide speaker) - 10 minutes
         * discussion ~10 mins
      * CMS use of Hadoop (Brian Bockelman, Dan to make sure Brian can do this) - 10 minutes
         * discussion ~10 mins
      * OSG Ongoing support plans for T3s (Dan, representing Tanya, Marco &amp; the security team) - 10 minutes
         * discussion ~10 mins


---++ Meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group
