---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| &lt;b&gt;Date&lt;/b&gt; | Wednesday, December 15st, 2010 |
| &lt;b&gt;Time&lt;/b&gt; | 1 pm Central |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. &amp; Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees
David Ritchie, Dan Fraser, Kent Blackburn, Chander Sehgal, Rob Quick, John McGee, Igor Sfiligoi, Marco Mambelli, Alain Roy, Mine Altunay, Brian Bockelman, Suchandra Thapa


---++ Agenda

   * 1.5 Engagement - John McGee

   * 1.6 Campus Grids &amp; Sites – Dan Fraser, Marco Mambelli

   * 1.7 Security – Mine Altunay

   * 1.8 Content Management – Robert Engel - no report

---+++Engagement


   * Steffen Bass et al: Duke has a test iRODS deployment in place, we are now working to federate the Duke deployment with a RENCI iRODS instance. This will allow for short term data backup/replication and provide a full featured development and testing platform so that work is nearly complete when the NERSC iRODS deployment comes online.

   * RENCI Resources: Bellhaven resource issues have been fixed (from prior report). BlueRidge has been fully deployed and is in use by Engage users including one HTPC molecular dymanics case. BlueRidge has provide more than 6k hours per day over the last two days.

   * Mats presented at the Sao Paulo Grid School

   * RENCI is exploring the Campus Factory: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/CampusGrids/CampusGridTechnology

   * Steven Cox maintains a blog on his OSG efforts located here: http://osglog.wordpress.com/  including the BlueRidge deployment, HTPC, virtualizing some of the Engage infrastructure and moving other pieces of the Engage infrastruture to a new and more capable machine, and the Steffen Bass/iRODS efforts.

---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser
See attached presentation

---+++ Sites - Marco Mambelli
Was last reported on Aug 26, 2010 (1.3 - Sites)

---++++Updates since last report
   * Testing
      * Testing of new package releases, mainly storage (Xrootd, Bestman)
      * Testing of RSV in collaboration with VDT
   * Effort decreased by 0.5 FTE when Iwona left in October
   * OSG Campfire
      * Interactive support 3 days/week 11:30am to 3pm central 
      * covering for Iwona&#39;s shift after her departure
   * Documentation
      * Tier 3 documentation 80% completed  
      * Effort on documentation affected by Iwona&#39;s departure (she was involved mainly in review and testing)
   * Other
      * Support for the storage meeting in September (organization with Tanya and local support)
      * Had a poster at CHEP on Virtual Tier 3 and will have a corresponding article in the proceedings
      * Support for grid school in Sao Paulo (File transfer and LFC troubleshooting and testing, survey)
      * Survey about knowledge of cluster technologies (finishing analysis)

---++++Current Work Items
   * Ongoing Site Coordination: meetings and ticket handling
   * Documentation for Tier 3 and user authentication
   * Integrate PerfSonar with gratia reporting
   * Improve Virtual Tier 3, test KVM, evaluate impact on OSG site administrators
 
---+++Security

---++++ Status updates on the Items we reported in the last meeting  (September 9)

   * OSG specific certificate request web page. the page is completed and tested in ITB. It is ready to be in production on 9/14. It is now in production. WE are currently getting the word out to OSG VOs and help them gain familiarity with the new site. 

   * GUMS development. We had an October deadline to cut a new release of GUMS. This did not happen. I am worried that we still have outstanding bugs. We should hold a STG and ET discussion to discuss our future steps. 
 
   *Documentation: Complete except for two pages.
 
---++++ Ongoing work items since our last report

   * Worked on a program of work for security during the OSG&#39; era. I have been urged to do this by OSG ET and also by DOE program managers. I completed in beginning of December and went to DOE to discuss it with Alan Stone, Rich Carlson, and Amber Boehlein. I relayed the feedback I gathered to ET. Working on addressing the feedback. 

   * Executing the security controls from OSG Security Plan. Focusing on evaluating the security of our infrastructure and the core assets. Found out various holes in our infrastructure. I am not listing them here. Please contact us or come to security meetings if you like to learn more. E are working with the area coordinators one  by one; explaining security responsibilities falling under each area.

   * Dealt with a large number of kernel and root level vulnerabilities. We had 6 root level vulnerabilities all reported at the same timeline. Worked with sites on how to patch or mitigate. Had one incident related to vulnerabilities. turned out to be a non-issue. We still have sites who have not applied patches well over a months. We escalated the issue to ET. Based on ET&#39;s advice, we will email sites one last time and get the patching statuses right before Christmas. Any site who has not patched by then will be invited to a meeting with ET along with the site and VO manager. WE had a similar issue with Security contacts in OIM. We have 61 contacts who have not updated their status in OIM. We will send a similar email stating they will be removed from their security contacts duties and their site manager will be asked to propose a new contact. 

   * WLCG shortened the allowed grace period for critical vulnerabilities to 7 days. This is not feasible for some OSG sites. We decided OSG will continue to organize grace periods on a case-by-case basis. 

   * OSG has attended and strongly supported accreditation of CILogon CA by Tagpma. This is a significant progress for grid collaborations because it opens up the road for leveraging identities vetted by universities and national laboratories for use in the grids. Next on the agenda is to evaluate CILogon&#39;s proposal on generating end user private keys on behalf of the end user. We are currently conducting risk assessment of this situation and will participate in tagpma meetings. 

   * With Doug Olson&#39;s departure from the security team, we went through a transition period. We started and completed the transfer of OSG RA to OSG GOC. Alain Deximo is acting as the OSG RA effective 12/7. So far we have no complaints or crises. I took over Doug&#39;s work as OSG representative to Tagpma. 

   * Doug was also helping with incorporating CILOgon CA into OSG infrastructure. I also took over this item from him. I started organizing the tests and resumed our connection with Clemson University IT office. Clemson University and LBNL are chosen as the first two pilot universities for this test. We will test new signing policy files created by CILogon for these universities  

   * ESNet visit. Decided to write an RFI for OSG certificate services. 

   * IGTF layout testing. This was also an item Doug was leading with Anand&#39;s help. Anand and myself took it over. Our testing is complete. The code we modified to be compatible with openssl 1.0 is also been tested or currently in ITB. Here are the details https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/IGTFNewLayoutCodeChanges.  We still have not heard form IGTF when they will completely switch to the new layout/openssl 1.0 . We have been preparing for the upcoming release around January. I still have not heard any release dates from IGTF. Some of the code Anand modified is still in ITB cycle (look at the URL for details on dates). I will make sure the code is tested and then had enough time to be downloaded by all osg sites.  Also given Anand is off for a month, I will not make any changes to our CA caches until it is absolutely necessary. So short answer: unless there is a very very urgent need, we will not change anything for a month or so. I am also planning for the worst: if IGTF went ahead with the switch, can we reverse it and release a cache in the old format. 

   * Impending holidays: Jim Barlow and myself are staying in the country. Anand is visiting India for a month. In case of any emergency, please call our cell phones rather than emails. 

---++++ Concerns: 
   * Time and effort. I am spending time helping with the OSG&#39; and especially the security program of work in the OSG&#39;. In addition, the recent work we decided on RFI with ESNet will take time. 
 
---+++ Content Management ( Main.RobertEngel )

The project continues to review and improve documents part of the document process. 1/3 of all documents initially part of the process could be deleted by combining pages with similar content or making use of Twiki includes and sections. 59% of all documents have been released. A [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Navigation][prototype navigation]] has been developed as proposal for the main navigation tree to be used for the [[ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][release documentation]] on the OSG Twiki. The OSG newsletter for December will feature the content management project, highlighting the fact that we are a community project that relies on the voluntary support from the OSG Community in order to make progress.

---++++ Staff Changes

   * Terrence Martin replaces Abhishek Singh-Rana as documentation area coordinator for the VO Area ( 10/01/10 )
   * Suchandra Thapa replaces Iwona Sakrejda as documentation area coordinator for the Compute Element Area ( 10/01/10 )
   * Elizabeth Chism is documentation area coordinator for the new Operations area ( 10/01/10 )

---++++ Document Review Status

| *Area*  | *Coordinator* | *Documents* | *Reviewed* | *Tested* | *Released* | *Completed* |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]]  | Main.SuchandraThapa |  75 |  32 |  14/29 |  27 |  36% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Storage][Storage]]  | Main.TanyaLevshina |  42 |  35 |  20/23 |  36 |  86% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Security][Security]]  | Main.JamesBarlow |  35 |  33 |  8/8 |  33 |  94% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/General][General]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  28 |  25 |  3/4 |  25 |  89% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Tier3][Tier3]]  | Main.MarcoMambelli |  26 |  18 |  4/6 |  18 |  69% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Operations][Operations]]  | Main.ElizabethChism |  25 |  2 |  1/24 |  0 |  0% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/VO][VO]]  | Main.TerrenceMartin |  22 |  2 |  1/6 |  3 |  14% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/User][User]]  | Main.BrianBockelman |  20 |  17 |  11/12 |  19 |  95% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Integration][Integration]]  | Main.SuchandraThapa |  4 |  2 |  1/1 |  3 |  75% |
| All  |  |  277 |  166 |  63/113 |  164 |  59% |
  
---++++ Problems

   * The holiday-, conference- and flu-season has slowed down the project over the past month. 
   * The 1/10 FTE provided by each documentation area coordinator seem an unlucky choice, since it is too small an amount to effectively manage and keep track of.
   * High priority tasks ( Security, ITB releases ) continue to delay work on documentation.


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 06 Dec 2010

