%TOC%

---+OSG Operations Meeting Minutes 07/06/2005

   The meeting of the Operations group will be held today, 
   Wednesday at 1:30pm Chicago time.

Call: 510-665-5437
Meeting ID: 786996

Attendees: Steve, Lisa, Leigh, RobQ, Tom, Burt, Fred, Karthik

---++Current OSG Trouble Ticket Review
  http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm

   * 170 This needs to be updated in the software release 0.2.2
   * 174 Steve has done a Kernel upgraded to Sci Linux or RHEL 2.4.21-32.0.1 (Should fix problem)
   * 86  Kyle is updating all of the forms (Will be closed)
   * 150 No Trash/Deployment call last week, Rob will send a reminder
   * 157 This will be back on the 7th
   * 164 Will take this up with John Rosheck and to look into
   * 165 Will contact John Rosheck for an update

---++Current USCMS Trouble Ticket Review

   * 61457 See 150 in OSG Ticket
   * 61626 See ticket 157 in OSG Ticket

Sidebar: Is the OSG always auto-configurable? Fremi is working on a test harness. Looking for a way to make this completely non-interactive. Some adjustments to PacMan and VDT would be necessary. Not a requirement. Install cert directory must be done in root, seperation of cert portion for automation.

---++Updates from other support centers

   * No updates from ATLAS attendees

---++Others topics from the group 

   * None

-- Main.RobQ - 06 Jul 2005
