---+ Build Fest 2011

---++ Goals


&lt;table&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=50%&gt;
---+++ Primary Goals
   1. Get the OSG Software Team synchronized and working towards our strategy for packaging the OSG Software Stack as RPMs. 
   1. Train members of the team so they are all capable of making RPMs with the VDT&#39;s infrastructure
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=50%&gt;
---+++ Secondary Goals
   a. We want to verify the build process, that it makes sense and will work with packaging future versions (e.g. SL6) 
   a. We will discuss the testing process for RPM-based releases.
   a. We will discuss what is needed and how to proceed with updating the documentation
   a. Of course we want to package as much of the VDT as we can. How much is realistic to do during a three day meeting? We&#39;ll see. 
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

---++ Expectations
Our move to RPMs is moving very quickly. As such:
   * The agenda for this meeting is rough and will evolve
   * Our technical understanding is not yet complete. We do not have all answers. Some we will decide during this meeting. 

---++ Logisitics

| *Dates:* | Wednesday, July 20th - Friday, July 22nd |
| *Hours:* | 9am - 5pm ? |
| *Location:* | Fermilab, Wilson Hall |
| *Room:* | CMS Tier 1 Conference Room: Wilson Hall 9th floor, NE corner (By Burt&#39;s office) |

---++ Agenda 

|  *Time*  |  *Location*  |  *Event*  |
| *Wednesday* |||
| 9-9:30 | CMST1 conference room | Kickoff: Intro &amp; Goals (Alain) ([[%ATTACHURL%/build-fest-kickoff.ppt][PowerPoint]], [[%ATTACHURL%/build-fest-web-page.pdf][PDF]]) |
| 9:30 - 10:00 |  &quot;   | Overview of Process: Does it make sense? (Alain) |
| 10:00 - 10:45 |  &quot;  | How to make an RPM (Brian) |
| 10:45 - 11:00 |  &quot;  | Assignment of RPMs to work on (Alain) |
| 11-12 | 9th floor east-side conference room  | Open discussion and/or work on RPMs |
| 12 - 1 | TBD | Lunch |
| 1 - 1:15 | CMST1 conference room | Checkpoint/Q&amp;A |
| 1:15 - 5 |  &quot;  | Work on RPMs |
| 6 - 8 | TBD | Dinner for interested parties | 
| *Thursday* |||
| 9 - 9:15 | CMST1 conference room | Checkpoint/Q&amp;A |
| 9:15 - 10:00 |  &quot;  &quot;  | Discussion of testing |
| 10 - 12 |  &quot;  | Work on RPMs |
| 12 - 1 |TBD| Lunch |
| 1 - 1:15 | CMST1 conference room | Checkpoint/Q&amp;A |
| 1:15 - 5 |  &quot;  | Work on RPMs |
| 6 - 8 | TBD | Dinner for interested parties | 
| *Friday* |||
| 9 - 9:15 | CMST1 conference room | Checkpoint/Q&amp;A |
| 9:15 - 10:00 |  &quot;  &quot;  | Discussion of documentation |
| 10 - 12 |  &quot;  | Work on RPMs |
| 12 - 1 | TBD | Lunch |
| 1 - 1:15 | CMST1 conference room | Checkpoint/Q&amp;A |
| 1:15 - 5 |  &quot;  | Work on RPMs |
| 6 - 8 | TBD | Dinner for interested parties | 


---++ Reference documents

[[CommunityPackagingProposal][Community Packaging: A Proposal]]

[[NPTransition][The transition for the OSG Software Stack from Pacman to RPMs]]

[[RPMDevelopmentGuide][RPM Development Guide]]


