---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Jan13][January 13]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

Dan Y., Chris G, Karthik, Aaron, Philippe.

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

   * &quot;47 systems with misconfigured gratia probes&quot; : Did we get a final answer on the root cause.

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

Dan: No significant issue (besides the discussion on the 47 sites needing a configuration update).

Philippe: How is the hardware doing.

Chris: We are tweak the scripts/plugin to proper handle a (unexpected) downtime of one of the 2 redundant system for both the collector and there reporting (note: the primary is usually running the collector, the secondary is usually running the reporting, depending which of the primary or secondary has a down time either the collector or reporting needs to be migrated).

Chris: Optimization of the DB gains 20% to 50% of disk space and takes about 4 hours.

Philippe: What about the  &quot;47 systems with misconfigured gratia probes&quot;?

Dan: A notification email is being written, it will be sent out with a mid-march soft deadline and July 1st hard deadline.
Dan: There is will 2 mains option (one easy, update the configuration, one hard: update to the latest VDT).

Dan: Database size is almost flat over the last few months ....

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

Brian: There will be a meeting next week between Gratia and the OSG Software Tool group to discuss the issue.

Brian: a couple of transfer probe are coming down the pipes, in particular a daemon for xrootd (xrootd can send udp
packet to a server).

Brian: Miron does not trust the transfer probe information and will bring some manpower to do some validation (most likely the work will be done by John Weigand).

Brian: Storage accounting currently being collected.

Chris: This information should be sent to the transfer collector.

Brian: What about the Batch System status?

Chris: It should go to the OSG job collector.

Philippe: Is the information already used?

Brian: Yes, see [[https://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgce/index?datasource=ce&amp;summary_attrs_showservice=on&amp;summary_attrs_showrsvstatus=on&amp;summary_attrs_showfqdn=on&amp;gip_status_attrs_showtestresults=on&amp;downtime_attrs_showpast=&amp;account_type=daily_hours_byusername&amp;ce_account_type=gip_vo&amp;se_account_type=vo_transfer_volume&amp;start_type=yesterday&amp;start_date=04%2F08%2F2009&amp;end_type=now&amp;end_date=04%2F15%2F2009&amp;all_resources=on&amp;gridtype=on&amp;gridtype_1=on&amp;service_central_value=0&amp;service_hidden_value=0&amp;active=on&amp;active_value=1&amp;disable_value=1][oim]]

---+WLCG 

---+Fermi/CD

---+Developments

---++BOINC probe (Sebastian G.)


---++Big Integer (Karthik).

Karthik: I am currently being distracted by a different project (installed capacity for ATLAS).    Once this is done, I will get back to wade through the code.

---++FNAL/Nebraska extension proposal (Brian)

Brian/Philippe: The proposal is not going to be funded by the agency we applied to.

Brian: I have no read the reviewer comments, but my understanding is that the budget was considered to high.  Nebraska is planning/considering to re-use the proposal in the future.

---++Testing framework (Aaron)

Aaron: converting from python to perl to match the VDT test suite.

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
