-- Main.RuthPordes - 17 Jun 2005

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Management meeting, May 27, 2005. 

   * MeetingMinutes

---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #6740

---++Attending

Dane, DougP, BrianM, Ruth, Rob, Leigh, Jorge, Mark, Razvan, Abhishek

---++Agenda

   *Provisioning 
      * OSG 0.2.1 cache was announced as available.
      * Frozen documentation of  Installation Guide captured on restricted area of the Twiki.  Discussion of how to review and clean up the documentation for operations use. 
      * Mail to deployment on identified holes. 
      * Debugging through the operations framework.
      * Installation Document in Trash/Trash/Integration Twiki can now evolve with ITB. Need to discuss cross links and completeness of ITB documentation or will it become differences between production and integration. 
      * need for Manuals for deployed infrastructure. Dane + Leigh are volunteering to help up to the 20th July. We are looking for editorial maintenance of the usage guides and manuals. Long term question falls into the funding model and results. Looking to improve the flow and hierachy of the pages and documentation as a need.Anne will be helping for the next few months and working with Dane.

Need an additional person for testing of the Distribution Cache and helping maintain it. Need to test all the installation caches - equivalent to the VDT Testers group but for the OSG Cache. 

      * Need to clarify who has agreed to support what. Listserv, Software Cache. Is there a Service Provider registration page? 
Reorganization of registration collection, information and web page revision will happen when Rob Quick is back from vacation on 27th. When we change our operations model are we capturing this or going through some discussion of how the model is changing? Doug and Doug will go and revisit the model documents in the light of current practice and come and report at the deployment meeting next week. Technology Support Center = Service Support Center.
      * Do we need a Resource Centric and a Support Center Centric view of support and registration?Will we take away the resource provider registration. Will have a report next week.

      * Installation instructions - is the Community Support Center sufficient? In Grid3 found that installation and getting to green required hand holding. GOC does not do this in OSG. Send mail to osg-general is one mechanism - will this actually work? Need to talk a bit more about the problems with the Grid3 mail lists? What is the osg-general infrastructure and how will this be set up? Issue tracker would be a good thing. 
      * Whose responsibility is it to communicate and ensure that the AUP and Service Agreements are read and reviewed? This should included in the process review and revision when Rob Q is back. Is there a body that checks that these are happening? Is there a group that can look for holes in what we are doing at the moment?

   *Integration - Next round of developments: VDT 1.3.7 is currently planned as a fairly significant change to 1.3.6, and may need a lot of testing. Plan to follow the current ITB release model. Agreement that this is likely to suffice, at least for the near term.
   *MIS - 
   *Storage -
   *Applications 
   *Items for the Council meeting on Tuesday.

---+++Reports from Technical Groups and Activities

   * Operations -  Lengthy discussion on how reports of problems with the installation instructions will be tracked and fixed. Dane committed Leigh and he to acting as a support center for the installation documentation. Problems would be reported in through the support centers (either through osg-general or through a major support center into footprints). Dane and Leigh will setup a ticket receiver from Footprints.
   * Trouble tickets - Rob recognized that problems being worked internal to a support center may parallel effort inside other support centers to work on the same issues. Response was that until a problem report were to be pushed to another support center (and then be visible to all through Footprints) then this can happen and is inherent in the model (unless the support centers commit to using the same trouble tracking system internally). These issues will be worked out in the TG-supportcenters forum.
  
Applications:
   * Atlas is holding an operations planning meeting Monday + Tuesday next week and plans on bringing the results to the support centers discussions thereafter. 
   * Report from LIGO: 
      * LIGO will be setting up its VOMS server sometime next week. This will be done by Penn State University. They will be filling out the registration page with all the contact information as well.
      * University of Wisconsin Milwaukee has already begun the process of  migrating their Grid3 site over to OSG. Scott expects this to be completed possibly by next week. PSU will follow with their Grid3 to OSG migration once the VOMS setup is stable.
      * LIGO-CIT has a new hire (David Meyers). He will begin with the task of setting up a small cluster of 8 nodes for OSG Trash/Trash/Integration Test Bed utilization here at Caltech. Once he is comfortable with the skills surrounding OSG we will ramp up our involvement with developing and testing a LIGO application on this cluster prior to testing it on the larger ITB and finally on the OSG production grids. In addition, we will begin exploring SRM on this CIT Trash/Trash/Integration Test Bed.



---++Issues

   * Question about whether/when communications with resource providers should go through the support centers heirarchy and when they should go directly to the resource admins.
   * Question raised about whether some issue/thread/FAQ tracking system is needed inside OSG-general. Discussion ongoing whether there is a volunteer to operate osg-general as a full (footprints connected) OSG support center. Pointer to &quot;Roundup&quot; referenced in mail from Doug Olson. Suggestions of advantages to hypernews/web forums/... Encouraged volunteers to step forward and work on this in the osg-general context.

---++ Action Items From Jun 10th

   *---+++ New Action Items

&lt;!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your &#39;signature&#39; (beneath this editing box) !--&gt;

*Major updates*:%BR%
&lt;!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!--&gt;
-- Main.Ruth - 17 June 2005
-- Main.DaneSkow - 17 June 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%
