
The next TEG update is presented [[TegUpdateJanuary][here]].

---++ Updates from the WLCG TEGs 

---+++ From databases (Dave Dykstra):
The co-chair and I held a workshop this month at CERN to get everybody&#39;s input.  We&#39;ve split up the document into 4 subparts and appointed leaders for each one.  We&#39;re asking each to come up with a few pages of summary by early January and hope to have the whole document of recommendations by the end of January.  We&#39;ve got a twiki at https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGDatabase with some info.  Items of note:
   * Interesting work in the WLCG in NoSQL databases.
      * CouchDB used heavily by CMS; has a RESTful interface so it ought to be good for caching.
      * Oracle&#39;s has a NoSQL offering; it&#39;s based on Berkeley DB and they&#39;re just trying to scale it to lots of simultaneous transactions on different data, they&#39;re not trying to solve the &quot;slashdot effect&quot; where there&#39;s many requests for the same data, which caching is so good at.

---+++ From DM/SM (Brian Bockelman):
Have been busy organizing the TEG and coordinating with Storage.  Basic idea is to try to poll the LHC experiments for their state-of-the art and opinions, then go to middleware providers, and build recommendations out of the result.  Busy interviewing the LHC experiments right now.  Items of note:
   * ALICE presented last week.  ALICE&#39;s data management model is wildly different from CMS/ATLAS that we are used to in the OSG.  There&#39;s basically no strict data-locality requirements (jobs are randomly distributed and read from &quot;closest network replica&quot;), and there is no pre-defined data placement policy.
   * CMS presents tomorrow.
   * There was a &quot;Federated Data Store&quot; meeting in Lyon last week.  Waiting impatiently on the finalized summary slides, and will forward to the ET.
   * WLCG MB gave us some very provocative questions for the VOs: Can we eliminate SRM?  What&#39;s the role of the LFC?  Can we eliminate GridFTP? (among others)

---+++ From security (Von Welch):

The TEG has organized itself around five topics: Risk Assessment, AAI on Worker Nodes, AAI on Storage Systems, Identity Federation, and Usability. Progress is mixed across the areas, but can generally be described as early stage (I&#39;m leading Usability and admit to lagging). My subjective take is a strong emphasis on two topics: authentication and trust/responsibility distribution between users, VOs and sites.

(From Igor): Mostly working on the sub-topic of AAI on Worker Nodes

---+++ From WM (Igor Sfiligoi):
We had a single true meeting, F2F at CERN, a month ago, and the outcome was:
   1 All 4 LHC VOs are strongly committed to pilots, because of the limitations of direct submission
   1 Each VO has its own implementation and it likes it , i.e. unlikely to end up with a single implementation anytime soon
   1 MUPJ &amp; WN security still an open discussion - some VO like glexec, some think they don&#39;t need it
   1 Sites expressed concern about security&amp;legal implications of MUPJ; we expect tight collaboration with the Security TEG on this
   1 We discussed the so called &quot;LCG pilot factory&quot; - we agreed it should be a bulk submission mechanism in a CE
   1 There was some discussion about clouds, but not many people seem to care
   1 In theory we have a subgroup dedicated to Information Systems, but nobody really seemed to care

---+++ From Operations:

The operations TEG is split into 5 working groups:

   * WG1: Monitoring and metrics
   * WG2: Support tools + Underlying Services+ WLCG ops
   * WG3: Oper. Requirements on m/w
   * WG4: App s/w management
   * WG5: M/w config + m/w deployment + m/w distribution
      * Rob Quick along with Oliver Keeble are editors of WG5. 
   * Slides from latest meeting are available at https://indico.cern.ch/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=161830. 
   * At this point each working group has spent time identifying current tools and technologies used as well and potential technologies that could be used. This was done through a poll of WLCG admins, OSG requested input from USATLAS and USCMS Teir1s and Teir2s, but only got input from OU and UNL. We&#39;ve also tried to identify areas that need improvement. Next steps are to &quot;Identify tools or procedures that are out of date or should be rethought&quot; and &quot;identify the largest use of operational effort or areas of potential efficiency gains&quot;. The next meeting will be Dec 12. 


---+++ Links:
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGSecurityTEG
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGDatabase
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGDataManagement
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGStorage
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WorkloadManagementTechnicalEvolution
