<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> May-12-2009 &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/May-12-2009?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit May-12-2009" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/May-12-2009"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_Council_Monthly_Teleconferen"></a>  OSG Council Monthly Teleconference </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
</li> <li> Meeting ID: 1111 
</li> <li> Date: Tuesday May 12th, 2009 
</li> <li> Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
</li> <li> Attending: <strong>Kent Blackburn, Chander Sehgal, Ruth Pordes, Vicky White, Brad Abbott, Dick Greenwood, Shaowen Wang, Michael Ernst, Rick Snider, Jerome Lauret, Richard Mount, Piotr Sliz</strong>
</li> <li> Regrets: <strong>Paul Avery, Bill Johnston, Ann Chervenak, Sebastien Goasguen</strong>
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda_Minutes"></a> <strong>Agenda/Minutes</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_from_the_OSG_Execu"></a> Status Report from the OSG Executive Director </h3>
<p />
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-May-11-2009" target="_top">Link</a> to May 11th, 2009 Executive Director Email Report to OSG Council
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Dan Fraser has now joined (early April) OSG as the production coordinator. He has increased his attention to the US LHC Tier 3's as their liaison as they ramp up. The OSG technical program of work is proceeding and the updated WBS is available for in the Twiki. Not achieving completion rate as quickly as last year and will be looking at this over the next few months. Quarterly/Semi-Annual meetings with stakeholders and partners are continuing and very valuable to the management. Continuing to contact DOE and NSF in preparation for the long term future. Don Petravick is no longer OSG's program manager in the DOE HEP Office; he has been replaced by Alan Stone. Ruth has spoken to Alan Stone. He is presently coming up to speed. Had planned to have OSG Management visit with DOE/NSF in the May to June time frame and are having discussions about this with them on this. NSF asked that OSG provide a list of joint activities with <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.May-12-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>. A brief description of these are: Joint security working group - already have some joint activities in this area, expect NCSA will do work on Shibboleth for both OSG and <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.May-12-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>; Common client software tools, understanding differences and similarities between the two; Deploy and operate OSG to Teragrid and <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.May-12-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> to OSG Gateway(s); Extend OSG to participate in an allocation process with the possibility of providing a common view across both grids; Common policies and technologies for archival storage resources, we know we have needs in this area in the OSG; Follow up on Face-to-Face council meeting to extend some of the OSG campus sites to support small-way (32-64) MPI applications; Training and Education, we already do train <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.May-12-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> in our courses. These each have a deliverable and milestone. These range from 6 months to beyond a year if preconditions exist. Both MPS and OCI are the NSF involved with this request. John Towns of <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.May-12-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> has been speaking with NSF/OCI about reaching out to OSG, meaning both parties are engaged. Ruth is awaited feedback from NSF on these proposed areas.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Status_Report_from_the_OSG_Proje"></a> Status Report from the OSG Project Manager </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/May-12-2009/OSG_PjM_Report_12may2009.ppt" target="_top">OSG Project Manager Report - 12 May 2009</a> <ul>
<li> NSF Annual Report
</li> <li> Successful OSG Supplemental Proposals
</li> <li> Project Manager thoughts on moving the Future of OSG Planning forward
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Chander reviewed the three slides and the three points (above). The NSF Annual report is due at the end of June and Chander is determined to make it this year. Using the same structure as last year, with new content from the this past year. There is a link to last year's document in Chander's presentation. Paul is working with the science stakeholders and Chander will work with the OSG area coordinators to gather inputs. Looking to have inputs by about three weeks from now. 
<p />
Next Chander updated council on two suppliments that OSG has recieved. First is a minor reallocation of budget from Brookhaven to University of Chicago to cover costs associated with new production coordinator. In final phases of this to complete the reallocation. Second, Condor-G funding was expiring at the end of March. Condor-G is seen as a critical component of OSG and it was clear that we needed to assure continued support. A supplemental proposal was sent to the NSF to support Condor-G for one year under the OSG for $750K. This was approved on April 27th. Chander is working with Condor team to put together the right governance for project management and tracking. Some of the deliverables that are part of this are a) responsiveness criteria on support requests, b) a set of release plans to address fixes and small enhancements. Don't expect to cover this very much in this year's annual report but will need to in the future.
<p />
Chander reminded the council of the schedule for OSG Future Proposal. This was discussed at the Council Face to Face in March. There are 4 phases. Some concern that it has been difficult to put enough energy on this and important that we all find a way to work on this for completion by next March (2010). OSG has talked to ATLAS, CMS, CDF and D0 about this, but not LIGO or others yet. There is time allocated for this on today's agenda to speak to Council representatives on the call.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<p />
<h3><a name="Planning_and_Logistics_for_OSG_C"></a> Planning and Logistics for OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Monday and Tuesday, August 10th &amp; 11th 2009 in the Chicago O'Hare area <ul>
<li> Start at 1PM on Monday, end at  Noon on Tuesday
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Rough head count of participation for meeting logistics
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
<a href="http://www.doodle.com/es2c5xk2d5rk9gti" target="_top">Link</a> to Doodle Poll for the Face to Face Meeting
<p />
Kent has asked for support from Chander and Ginny for the logistics and planning of the meeting. As this face-to-face is spanning two days, Kent will send out a poll to estimate participation for reserving a block of rooms at the hotel. Last year's August face-to-face had approximately 15 representatives attending.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Overview_of_Virtual_Technologies"></a> Overview of Virtual Technologies and Implications and Requirements for the OSG </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Summary of Virtual Technology Workshops at OSG All Hands Meetings
</li> <li> Progress on VT "white paper"/"report" proposed at All Hands Meeting
</li> <li> STAR experiences with VT
</li> <li> How does the Council wish to progress on this topic
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Sebastien provided the following in an email to Kent and Paul on May 12th:
<p />
1. I believe we had a successful workshop at AHM09 were several
virtualization technologies and experiences were presented, the main
point out of the workshop is that there does not seem to be a clear
defintion of the problem that VM are solving which could be translated
into a requirement for sites. ATLAS and STAR presented successful use
of VM technologies, mostly motivated by an application packaging issue
(this needs to be checked with them ). Fermi presented what amounts to
be a server consolidation effort. The Globus Nimbus tool was featured
in several talk as a way to provision VMs.
<p />
Certainly STAR and ATLAS have clearly stated that they need VMs or are
using VMs. But CMS on the other end seemed much more cautious and
wanting performance numbers of sorts before committing efforts of a
production infrastructure to deal with technologies that are not
clearly solving a current problem.
<p />
2. In summary multiple technologies exist to provision and manage VMs
and several successes have happened on the user side. It seems hard to
me to translate this into a hard requirement for OSG. Certainly sites
who want to offer VM services can do so know if they wish, and VOs
could use that service if they wish. The main technical issue that I
see is the requirement that a site will have to support an hypervisor
on a large scale. To my knowledge this has not been done yet and it
raises some significant issues on the site side (not on the OSG
software side) like networking, security and operations.
<p />
3. My personal view is that virtualization can be used to build
scheduling overlays for VOs and that grid sites could evolve to be VM
providers instead of being farms to process jobs, in other terms grid
sites would become infrastructure providers and VOs would be left to
managed their software and jobs scheduling on there own. In some
regards an overlay network on which VOs schedule jobs and move data
can be seen as a cloud.
<p />
4. This personal view I believe is fairly in line with existing use of
pilot job frameworks and glideins, where a VO requests resources at a
site and after receiving an "allocation" schedules jobs onto those
resources.
<p />
As a side note, CERN IT is also struggling with the same issue and it
is not clear to them what VMs are solving. There seems to be a will to
build a local know how about VMs that could also extend to a future
Cloud strategy.
<p />
I hope this helps the discussion in 30 minutes,
I am still on the hook to work with Ruth and Miron to see how these
thoughts could be formulated into some kind of OSG view on
virtualization.
<p />
-sebastien
<hr />
<p />
Jerome mentioned the comprehensive presentation given at the All-Hands Meeting in March. STAR has since migrated from testing to production running using resources from Amazon. Needed to access ~300 slots continuously for about 2 weeks. When this was done at Fermilab several years ago, there was a considerable amount of software support and deployment needed. To get the point of having fully validated results for conference presentation, they believed that the only thing available on the time scale necessary they decided to use VM technology. Still some issues, but this resolved the software provisioning issues seen when running at Fermilab in the past. Stability was similar to what was seen on OSG. Data transfer rate was a bit low but sufficient (5MB per sec per worker node). Jerome believes this needs to be a bit more stress tested to understand if and when the scaling stops. STAR believes VM technologies are very useful for opportunistic running and would be beneficial to enable VM machines on the OSG. This allowed STAR to present at a conference that they would have had to pull out of without the use of the Amazon resource.
<p />
Ruth noted that VM technologies have been discussed in the OSG Executive Team. The Executive Team agrees with STAR that clouds and virtual machines and grids can work well together and complimentary and understand that there is potential for use of commercial resources. Executive Team is happy to work with Jerome to define the requirements and understand how commercial interfaces can be made available. OSG needs sites to support hypervisors and OSG is looking for sites that are prepared to support virtual machines. There is still a challenge with using opportunistic storage and this will remain a challenge with clouds and VM technologies.
<p />
To fully integrate this technology within OSG, there are certainly a large set of issues in the details. Sebastien is leading the charge for VM technology in the OSG. He sees VMs in parallel with pilot and glidein jobs. Jerome doesn't see this as being quite the same, he pointed out that Amazon was an allocation process and the OSG pilot glideins are workload balanced.
<p />
Richard noted that from talking to NSF, there is a view that OSG has a reputation of not supporting very much opportunistic use, for well understood reason. One of the concerns is the amount of support needed to support opportunistic usage. One of the advantages of VMs is that this has the potential to reduce the burden of support by the sites. Need to think about how OSG could get credit for opportunistic use through VMs (accounting). There are also security trust relationship concerns. 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<font color="#008000">
<p />
<strong>ACTION ITEM:</strong> Ruth and Sebastien, wearing their executive team hats will follow up with Jerome on about  next steps in terms of  <ol>
<li type="i"> finding a volunteer site to test the support of an hypervisor  on a large scale. My suggestion was one of those owned by STAR and Jerome accepted to look into this. 
</li> <li type="i"> running the STAR MC under the Condor VM technologies on an existing OSG site - would Clemson be able to support this. 
</li> <li type="i"> investigating an OSG allocation on Amazon which people can use to test.
</li></ol> 
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Future_Planning_for_the_OSG_Soli"></a> Future Planning for the OSG: Solicit Guidance on key directions for future from OSG Council </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> The OSG is seeking a statement of key directions for the future by the time of the OSG Council Face-to-Face <ul>
<li> Need to define process and start preparations to be in a position to make this statement by August 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
Focused primarily on ways to improve usage. Some of the items that came up are:
<p /> <ul>
<li> Storage solution that is well understood - several VOs raised this, and easy to use in applications.
</li> <li> Reduction of site to site reliability and stability.
</li> <li> Keeping track of jobs, where they are suspended, where they have crashed, basically the question of a <span class="twikiNewLink">MonaLISA<a href="/bin/edit/Council/MonaLISA?topicparent=Council.May-12-2009" rel="nofollow" title="MonaLISA (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> replacement.
</li> <li> DOSAR  as a VO is interested in ways they can better help the OSG. They are involved in many of the same things as the OSG and would like to be better integrated as a VO.
</li> <li> Large, cross cutting domain sciences in some VOs have lots of data storage requirements, data analysis and modeling need user friendly interfaces, this also results in large international components around the world and are discussing data cooperation to solve global scientific challenges.
</li> <li> Simplifying the processes of bringing up sites, troubleshooting issues resolve problems for users.
</li> <li> Software provisioning as discussed in the VM session. Scheduling to optimize moving jobs, moving data. 
</li> <li> Working more closely with <span class="twikiNewLink">TeraGrid<a href="/bin/edit/Council/TeraGrid?topicparent=Council.May-12-2009" rel="nofollow" title="TeraGrid (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span>
</li> <li> Integrating grids with cloud computing
</li> <li> Secure data storage, and support for collaborative matchmaking systems
</li></ul> 
<p />
Ruth asked that it be called out that there is a clear operations theme being captured in the discussion.
<p />
Kent noted that this will be on the agenda for next month. The council should think about this some more and consider other aspects of the OSG beyond what we have discussed today.
<p />
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="Round_Table_Virtual_Organization"></a> Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues - Ongoing Goals/Milestones </h3>
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
As we had extended beyond an hour, Kent decided not to go around the table and ask if any VOs had anything they needed to report today. No one had an immediate report to give.
<p />
NOTE: D0 had a record month last month with their Monte Carlo jobs.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<h3><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </h3>
<p />
<font color="#0000ff"> <strong>minutes:</strong>
<p />
None this week. Kent welcomed council representatives to send email or call him if they have anything to share regarding guidance and key directions for the future of the OSG.
<p />
</font>
<p />
<p />
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> - 05 May 2009</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>May-12-2009</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r12 - 14 May 2009 - 17:55:38 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />