---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Jul07][July 07]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

Rob Quick
Brian Bockelman
Philippe Canal
Dan Yocum
Chris Green

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

Chris: Installation of the latest release on the production collector is proceeding fine.   Getting started was slower than expected due to the os requiring fschk of the file system after the os upgrade.

Chris: I will send an update around 3pm.   I am expecting the batch system should be back by 5pm ; only the batch and transfer collector are still proceeding.

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

Brian: There was one probe hanging in Wisconsin.

Chris: I think they are waiting for the collector to finish starting up.

Brian: Did we change the default lifetime for the StorageElement and StorageElementRecord for this release?

Chris: Yes we did change it in time for the release.

Philippe:  Where is this information kept?

Chris: The configuration for the OSG collector has been moved to the fermigrid gratia-ops repository.

Brian: What is the target date for sending the release to the VDT.

Chris: Should we wait until there was a successful run of the housekeeping.

Philippe:  Yes we ought.

Chris: Then it will be sometimes next week.

Brian: However it should be before Aug 1st.

Brian: When is the next probe release?

Philippe: Why?

Brian:  There is a new probe for glide-in-wms.   Nebraska would like to contribute a HCC (Nebraska site) specific probe which happens to just be a patch over the condor probe.   

Philippe: There is no immediate plan for a probe release.

Brian: About HTPC jobs, the Condor team has decided that the number of slots a job &#39;used up&#39; can be accessed via the class-ad attribute: SlotWeight
For PBS, LSF and SGE, can we have the HTPC required fixes before Aug 1st?

Chris: Where can we test SlotWeight?

Brian: Tier1 or Nebraska (Sleeper pool).

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Probe.

---++Report Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions(Karthik).

---++ Transition

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
