---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesMay23][May 23]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]]; John Urish; [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]]; Diana Bonham
   * Apologies: John Urish;

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++DB and Schema issues

Chris: Table are currently store in MyISAM.  What are the pro and cons of InnoDB.
The table file is currenlty (seemingly) too large for mysqlhotcopy.

Diana: I will look into InnoDB.

Chris: We might want to setup gratia07 as a replication database of gratia06 and then
we could use gratia07 as a read-only database.

---++Collector development

Philippe: I am done adding VAPP support to the collector.  I am now working on spitting
the JobUsageRecord (vertically).  For that I am cleaning up the code that handle database
schema evolution (and while I am at it, I am removing spurrious error message).
I will also add the Grid field.

Penelope: I discovered that we have the war file setup such that they do not depend
on each other.  So we always need to include all .class files in each war files.

Penelope: I am nearly done with the restructuration.  I need some input on naming
and I&#39;ll be ready.

Chris: When you are finally ready, I will help you upload it.

---++ Reports

Jeff: I am diverted in trying to understand BIRT libraries.  Things are a bit odd.
Jeff: Birt 2.2 is expected to be released in June.

---++Probes

Philippe: The Metric.py file is ready for VAPP to start developing.

---++Storage Probe

Ras.

---++Test Bed

John: All the gratia xen are set on gratia03 and I have the certs.  I have some issue
with home directories.

---++Any Other Business
