---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
Ted Hesselroth, Neha Sharma, Anand Padmanabhan, Alex Kulyatsev

---+++ Discussion

The topic of setting up meeting times to go over the Storage portions of Glue Schema version 1.3 was raised. Next week&#39;s meeting will be used for a preliminary discussion between Ted and Anand, et al, to arrive at a proposed use of the schema for SRM-dCache, and the following meeting will be used to discuss the proposal with site administrators.

Six tickets were discussed. Of sixteen tickets being tracked as of last week, three were closed, three need further troubleshooting, five are upgrades or installs in progress at sites, and five are believed to have been resolved but are missing a final communication.

Alex Kulyatsev will start the Replica Manager on the validation test stand. A few more fapl, or STBS (Soon to be Surplussed) nodes will be added to host the service and increase the number of pools.

---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
%EDITTABLE{ header=&quot;| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |&quot; format=&quot;| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |&quot; changerows=&quot;on&quot;}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name=&quot;ActionItemList&quot; type=&quot;section&quot;}%
---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TedHesselroth - 24 May 2007
