---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Tony, Brian, Gabriele, Tanya, Steve Timm 

---++ Current Issues
   * Documentation needs to be updated to reflect the changes in alter-attributes.conf (Brian) 
      * Template location changed in GIP 1.0.0 
      * Template mods not needed in GIP 1.0.2+ (not released yet...) 

   * Patches already committed for GIP 1.0.2 
      * &lt;nop&gt;ClassicSE fixes 
      * Logging of stderr 
      * alter-attributes.conf sans template modifications 
      * Turn off advertising SE (only for dynamic storage provider) -- need to check that attributes referred to in bind stanzas exist, and that clients correctly report closest SEs to a given CE and vice-versa (Tony) 

   * GIP 1.0.2 release needs wider testing - Burt will talk to &lt;nop&gt;RobG/Suchandra/JeffP about how to proceed 

   * MPI - Gabriele will set up meeting next week with Purdue. We should try to generate a good draft spec (at least on twiki) of what is decided. 
   * Storage advertising 
      * Tanya&#39;s opportunistic storage webpages expose numerous flaws: status and size are commonly wrong, version and implementation seem optional. Endpoints should be mostly correct, but people are unsure about path info. As a baseline, we need to get paths and endpoints correct (although it would also be useful to have total SE size and VO-specific SE size published as well). We should have a short-term task force to do outreach to sites to make sure they are publishing correctly, provide tools, etc. Burt will ask about obtaining effort from Ruth. 
   * &lt;nop&gt;GlueSALocalID - we are publishing one for every VO as EGEE does. Need to check with stakeholders to confirm that their tools don&#39;t depend on this 
   * Vanderbilt&#39;s LStore (distributed SE) is on the horizon -- we should talk with Vanderbilt to discuss how to properly publish this 

---++ Next Meeting
 Wednesday Aug 1, 1 pm CDT

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 18 Jul 2008
