---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 18 Feb 2014
&lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt; Date: Friday 18 February 2014&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
   * Anthony Tiradani
   * Maarten Litmaath

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ VOMS
   * New VOMS Admin ready for testing
   * SHA-2 VOMS server
      * will need to update vomses files
   * transition plans - by &quot;summer&quot;

---+++ HTCondor
   * HTCondor delegation  512-bit known, understood, and solved

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 18 Jul 2014
