---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Tuesday January 11th, 2011
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending: Kent B., Paul A., Ruth P., Tom H., Bob C., Horst S., Piotr S., Dave S., Doug O., Rick S., Rob Q., Ed D. (Clemson), Lothar B., Steve T., Shaowen W., Brad A.
   * Regrets: Richard M., Bill J.

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   * Happy New Year to all!
   * Announcement and Registration for All Hands Meeting is out
   * This Wednesday the first issue of The Digital Scientist, formerly known as International Science Grid This Week will be out

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * *All Hands Meeting Planning Status* (Piotr)
      * Registration Update: Preliminary program is in place, Credit card processing available.
      * Council members that will be attending five days of the AHM would pay 4 day registration.
      * Vendors - if you have any contacts please let me know.
      * Briefly review AHM agenda. Conference call on Friday (11AM EST).
      * Discounted accommodation and flights are currently available.
   * *OSG Prime Proposal* (Ruth)
         *Single 15 page  OSG&#39; proposal for &quot;all program offices&quot; currently being written by core group consisting of Frank Wuerthwein, Michael Ernst, Miron Livny, Mine Altunay,  Dan Fraser, Alain Roy, John Hover, Rob Gardner, Chander Sehgal,  Tim Cartright, Brian Bockelman and myself.  Will be posted for reviewers on 22nd January. Reviewers will be in Washington 26th and 27th January. Then we will regroup.  Includes staffing profile. Looking back through different reviewers comments. Includes revised management plan which has had comments from Paul and Kent.
         * 2 day meeting at Fermilab today and tomorrow to discuss. Current draft is attached to this web page (will be removed later).
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/January-12-2011/OSG-RunII-Core-Services-Assessment-v5.pdf][Run II assessment document attached to this web page.]]
         * We are looking for Council Quotes of enthusiastic commitment and of course comments on the ideas and directions!


%BLUE% *minutes:* 

   * *All Hands Meeting Planning Status*

Piotr cleared up one point of confusion, which is that if you only register for the Council Meeting days (Thur &amp; Fri) you will be charged for two days. If you register for the full 5 days, you will be charged for the 4 days.

Piotr will include the council in the email announcement for the AHM planning telecon this Friday. Anyone on the council that in interested in providing inputs is welcome to attend.

   * *OSG Prime Proposal*

In addition to the status report above, Ruth reported that the external reviewers for the Jan 26-27 meeting in Washington were Ian Bird, John Townes, Richard Moore
and Bill Johnston. Expect to make significant changes after the review, and will need to understand how to submit this proposal. Haven&#39;t heard about one year extension from HEP or NP and no real information about SciDAC3. Don&#39;t have information about from Software Institutes from OCI. There are programs that OSG is in a position to bring to the table. Marv Goldberg has asked for a two page summary of the proposal early ( mid to end of February).

Proposal is based on our architecture for distributed computing as being enabling for our science stakeholders. Will be adding a table of principles and what will be accomplished in the next 5 years. Will talk about benefits to science. Move peoples thinking towards the communities, not just a statement of how many cycles the OSG has provided. Short section on organization and management, production activities including CE and SE, include campus infrastructure, deployment of services, in a shared infrastructure. A section on software addresses community software deliverables. Combining integration activities in the software area. Also including software evaluation and scalability in this expanded software area in OSG Prime. There is a security section, developing a model of trust. Want to do more work on integrating web based with grid based services. Consolidated engagement and VO support into a new area called user support area. This will help users to plan to run in production and exchange information. Technologies and Architectures group will investigate new technologies prior to adoption in production. 

Council involvement and engagement is very welcome. Looking for statements of commitment and value of work of the OSG from the council. Tom asked about data repositories activities. Tom will send an email to Ruth and the council. This is an area that has not seen endorsement or engagement in a data repository activity. Not seen as within the scope of activities that OSG has expertise. Shaowen asked what is the expected output of the January review with its external reviewers. Need to understand the funding agencies views on data. Ruth is looking for endorsement for people involved with programs first. Looking for OSG/XD relationship to be explained regarding high throughput focus from agencies. OSG doesn&#39;t own any of the scientific data so it doesn&#39;t fall within a data management plan. This should be clarified in the proposal. Datanet programs are to provide data archiving. Not been identified as important for any stakeholders at this time. This could be started at a future point via a satellite proposal. There will be user support for submitting jobs across XD, campus grids and OSG in the proposal. It was noted that the push for open data eras for large experiments such as LIGO may bring this into the arena. It was suggested that this be passed by the external reviewers in January to see if they react to this data repository question. Lothar asked about ecosystems and whether high throughput computing and relationships with HPC was in the proposal, Ruth has worked on this some. Will the OSG be the arm of HTC for XD or will it be the other way around. Language addressing this would be useful to have. 

Shaowen asked how does the user group in the proposal interact with the Collective VOs and the Council&#39;s role with the Collective VOs. A lot of activity hasn&#39;t been seen from the Collective VO via the council. This is understood because of the volunteer nature of the council representatives. Kent noted that there was a subcommittee that reviewed the by-laws and the role of the Collective VO representatives and that the recommendations from that subcommittee on this subject were endorsed by the council. It was noted that Shaowen&#39;s term as the collective VO representative ends this March at the face to face council meeting. The collective VOs are charged with selecting their representatives. This needs to be cleared up before the face to face meeting. Shaowen believes the collective VO representation is crutial to the OSG and that in practice this area is evolving dynamically. There was discussion of the value of the OSG to the collective VOs and OSG&#39;s metrics for tracking this. It was noted that scientific publications were the preferred indicator. It was requested again that each council member provide a 2 to 3 sentence quoting why the OSG makes a difference to the VO&#39;s science and why the OSG is needed to continue with the VO needs, as well as what would be lost without the OSG. Paul A. took the action item to draft the request to the Council Representatives to request these &quot;quotes&quot;. Ruth would like this feedback by the end of the week.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

None this month ... we will meet again next month.

%ENDCOLOR%

-- Main.KentBlackburn - 07 Jan 2011
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-RunII-Core-Services-Assessment-v5.pdf][OSG-RunII-Core-Services-Assessment-v5.pdf]]: OSG-RunII-Core-Services-Assessment-v5.pdf

