---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Monday at 3:30pm CST, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * John Urish, Chris Green, Philippe Canal, Greg Richardson, Anne Heavey, Penelope Constanta.
   * Apologies: Jeff Mack, John Weigand.

---++OSG Newletter.
Short discussion of the OSG newsletter? Anne wants to get feedback on how OSG 
members use the newsletter, what they want to see in it, and how best to 
disseminate info from the activities and tech groups to the rest of the 
consortium.  

It might be useful to have synthesis or important issues coming out of
the weekly meeting of the different OSG related groups (Trash/Trash/Integration Meeting,
Executive board meeting).

This type of information may be embedded (and clearly) marked as part of the
meeting minutes.

To subscribe to the OSG News go to:
http://www.opensciencegrid.org/osgnews/pages/submit.html

To subscribe via email to OSG News, send email to listserv@opensciencegrid.org. Leave 
the subject line blank, and type &quot;SUBSCRIBE OSGNEWS FIRSTNAME LASTNAME&quot; 
(without the quotation marks) in the body of your message.

Send extra comments/idea to Anne Heavey (aheavey@fnal.gov).

---++Metrics.
John:  Ruth is looking for a plot of the maximum number of job
concurrently running.  It would be easier to use the Gratia
information since I have direct access to the DB.  However
Gratia does not yet have enough sites reporting.  So I have
to use Monalisa (aka download the data in Excel).  In Monalisa,

John: I have a text report and I want a graph.  
Bottom line, I am really forward to the day where all sites 
will be reporting to Gratia.

Philippe: We are meeting with Rob G. tomorrow about metrics.

---++Psacct reports.
Greg: We have created a per node per day smoothed summary table that expressed the average cpu utilization.  This will simply the construction of the reports.

Philippe: The cms node were not reporting since Dec 14 due to an installation issue.  However, as usual, no data lost, and once the problem was corrected we were able to upload the backlog.

---++Probe development.
Philippe: Burt H re-discovered a &quot;feature&quot; of the globus job-manager. It uses any files with the extension .pm to process the job.  In particular this means that if we have in the same directory condor.pm and condor_old.pm, one or the other will be use randomly.  This resulted in data loss because some of the log file were delete and NOT send to Gratia (because of the backup condor.pm).  Bottomline when renaming the original condor.pm do CHANGE the extension (aka .pm.bak is okay).

Chris: We release a new version of the probe (correcting a few errors and improving performance).  This version was sent to the VDT (in time for 1.6.1).   They choose to package the PBS and LSF probe independently even-though it is the same code (in consequence you can not install both). 

Chris: This new release of the probe does an automatic lookup of the VOName using the grid map file.

Chris: We really need to set-up a permanent test bed for the probe and the batch system.

Philippe: Indeed, we will be requesting more pc install with XEN for more flexibility.

Chris: cd-psg4 is available for re-install.  cd-psg5 is ready to become the main server,
pending a plan on how to migrate, which I will write up.

Penelope:  When we migrate to have to the production supported by FermiGrid, we need
to make a decision on the level of support we request.

Discussion mentioning 5x7 support or 7x7 support or cluster/replication implementation, etc ....

Greg: One of the thing we can do is that we can &#39;cluster&#39; our software since we have
the ability (natively) to replicate the database and they can multiple reporter pointing
to the same database.

---++Collector/Report development.

Greg: I added a NGOP access to the status table, an interface to the role table.
I also embedded the call to the script populating the summary (this will avoid
having to start and stop the service during installation).  I am testing those
features.  

Philippe:  We still need to make sure the script is also run during upgrade.

Greg: I am looking into increasing the amount of status information from the Probe
side.  I need to document the format and add a bit of logic so that the information
is not lost.

Chris: About Role based authentification, the less effort implementation might be
to implement the VOMS init on the server side.  The server would send the user 
certification to the VOMRS and get back a list of &#39;valid&#39; vo/roles for this user.
We could send ask the user to select the role he wishes to have today and excute
the voms-proxy init server side.

---++VDT Releases.

See probe discussion.

---++Storage Probe.

N/A.

---++Any Other Business.

Penelope: I still need to renew the cd-psg2 certificates.

Chris: It is possible to have SSL connection to MySQL, however it requires a specific 
build of MySQL.  


-- Main.PhilippeCanal - 08 Jan 2007

