---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Adobe Connect http://osg.adobeconnect.com/council/
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 8403921
   * Date: Tuesday Month Day Year
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Acceptance of last months minutes from: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/May-8-2012][May 8 Teleconference]]

   * Date of next meeting: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/July-10-2012][July 10 Teleconference]]
  (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)

   *  August face-to-face meeting is *August 23rd* in Chicago based on Doodle Poll http://www.doodle.com/iuw4ze2awvcfuz2y. 

   * Goal to have &lt;=30mins business and =&gt;30 mins discussion.

   * Attending: Lothar Bauerdick, Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Rick Snider, Michael Ernst, Brad Abbott, Greg Bell, Vicky White, Steve Tuecke, Bill Barnett, Tom Hacker, Jim Shank, Chander Sehgal, Von Welch
   * Regrets:  Jerome Lauret, Bob Clare, Ken Bloom, Horst Severini


---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ From the Council Chair
   * Additional US ATLAS representative - Jim Shank 
   * Tevatron council representatives instead of separate CDF and D0  representatives - Brad, Rick
      * Brad &amp; Rick talked to Management boards. Decision to have 1 rotating representative on council with an alternate. DZero (Brad)  first with CDF as alternate (Rick).
      * Council members on the call endorsed this change- a vote was not deemed necessary.
   * ESNET representative to be introduced later (see below)
   * new VOs
      * COUPP - Chicagoland Observatory for Underground Particle Physics, Dark Matter Experiment; small data/computing needs. Is a Fermilab VO which will likely run on FermiGrid and FermiCloud and not elsewhere.
      *  VLAB - [[http://www.vlab.msi.umn.edu/][Virtual Laboratory for Earth and Planetary Materials]]. Approved in test mode ONLY. Will establish OSG gateway locally and adapt their 32-&gt;256 way applications to use it through Apache Airavata, from Marlon Pierce at IU to provide a client plug-in to Condor-G. Local application contact is Pedro da Silveira.

&lt;p&gt;
   * Charging model for Globus Online - Steve Tuecke
      [[https://www.globusonline.org/premium-plans/][Globus Transfer - EndPoint Provider Premium Plans]]
      * Goal to find out a long term sustainability model based on subscription.
      * Customer is a resource provider, facility or community- not targeting end-users yet (over time a set of premium offerings geared toward end-users will be made available)
   * Status of iSGTW, Miriams last week - Paul, Ruth
      * Proposal for iSGTW US editor to be located at IU submitted to NSF a few weeks ago. Waiting for the reviews. Any verbal or written support from members of the Council would of course be a help.
      * Board meeting held last week with draft minutes available [[https://indico.egi.eu/indico/getFile.py/access?resId=0&amp;materialId=minutes&amp;confId=1054][here]. The frequency of issues will be reduced during June and July because of the lack of editor effort available. The web hosting has moved to QMC in the UK from the US. Action for EGI to pursue approval for funding the costs of maintenance from the e-ScienceTalk budget from the EC.Will purchase domain names for e-science weekly and e-science magazine.
      * This week is Miriams last on the project. She is starting her PhD at Northwestern University next week. 

   

---+++ OSG PKI Services 
   * Status - Von Welch
      * Planning Phase has been completed and Development phase started. [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Operations/DigiCertPlanningDevAndImplementation/OSG-Planning-Phase-Report-3.pdf][Draft Planning Phase report]]
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKIDevelopmentPhase][Development Phase Tasks]]
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes][Weekly calls]] continue.
      * An initial version of the OSG PKI front-end is available for early internal testing. Please contact Von Welch if you are interested.
         * I plan on sending out a re-invitation to VOs to participate in the transition process by trying the new front-end software. Will coordinate with Ruth and Lauren (ESnet).
      * Contract with DigiCert has been executed by Indiana University on behalf of the OSG.
         * POs with ATLAS (BNL) and CMS (FNAL) are in process.
      * An ongoing issue with delay in signing host certificates is being investigated by OSG staff and DigiCert.
   * Potential collaboration with XSEDE - Von
      * Meeting last week (June 7-8) at NCSA. Notes pending.


---+++ More In Depth Discussion
   * Networking 
      * Introduction and thoughts from the ESNET representative - Greg Bell [[http://www.es.net/][ESNET website]] and [[http://www.es.net/about/esnet-staff/Tools-Team/gregory-bell-3/][More about Greg Bell]] 

   * Report from the OSG Project - Lothar
      * Discussion within Executive team re: how to set up a networking area. 
      * Recruited Shawn McKee of the University of Michigan to bring his expertise in to organize OSG efforts and respond and engage in these initiatives.
      * Internally- get a more concrete understanding of how a work plan would look like- Greg Bell invited to help define in this area.


---+++ OSG Satellites 
   * DASPOS proposal - Michael Ernst
      * Mike Hildreth from CMS at the University of Notre Dame leading the effort.
      * Proposal includes Notre Dame, UNL, UofC, University of Washington 
      * Active participation from computer scientists and digital librarians.
      * Very good support and connections to the DPHEP community.
      * Proposal submitted last Friday, June 8. 
      * Initial attempt to develop and specify architecture for creating high energy physics data. Research combination of two activities (Horizontal coordination) Data Configuration and Technical Construction (archival infrastructure).End result would be a small scale full system   for a particular archiving solution.
      * Funding sought is a few 100 manpower months (mostly students)



---+++ Virtual Organization Reports to the Council 

   * July - SuperB - Steffen Luitz
   * Sept - GlueX - Richard Jones

 

---+++ AOB
   * None.

---++++Action Items:  
    1. Describe the Vlab use case (“using our technology for their own benefit”) – it could be of benefit in multiple situations. &lt;Ruth to work with Chander, Dan and Lothar on this&gt;

    2. Get a report on how many users are interested in Globus online. Do a survey in the next few months to see what communities are testing Globus online that are using OSG services. How many different VO’s are working with Globus online at this point? (work out a financial model in terms of how OSG would deal with this?) &lt;Ruth to research&gt;.

    3. Set up a meeting or workshop to talk about networking in a month or so. Need to determine who to drive from OSG. &lt;Lothar&gt;



%COMMENT{type=&quot;tableappend&quot;}%

%STOPINCLUDE% 
