<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> 20060921AgendaMinutes &lt; Management &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Management/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Management/20060921AgendaMinutes?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit 20060921AgendaMinutes" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Management/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/20060921AgendaMinutes"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="OSG_Executive_Team_Meeting_21_Se"></a>  OSG Executive Team Meeting 21 Sept 2006 </h1>
<div class="twikiToc"> <ul>
<li> <a href="?cover=print#Attending"> Attending</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Administrata"> Administrata</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#The_NFS_Lite_issue"> The NFS-Lite issue</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Notification_service"> Notification service</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Globus_Security_Update"> Globus Security Update: </a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#Invitation_for_OSG_to_request_NE"> Invitation for OSG to request NERSC resources</a>
</li> <li> <a href="?cover=print#AOB"> AOB</a>
</li></ul> 
</div>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Doug, Rob, Alain, Leigh, Mike, Miron
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Administrata"></a> Administrata </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Any info on funding <ul>
<li> Report on Ruth's visit to NSF
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> SOWs <ul>
<li> <a href="http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/changeControl/OSGAug06/stdTaskOSGyr1_91406.html" target="_top"> WBS</a>  and embryonic <a href="http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/changeControl/OSGProjectPlan.doc" target="_top">project plan</a>.
</li> <li> Question as to what institutions with slow startup funding will be doing.
</li></ul> 
</li> <li> Status of takeup of ATLAS offer of resources?   <ul>
<li> Several issues have been resolved regarding getting other VOs running on ATLAS sites.
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="The_NFS_Lite_issue"></a> The NFS-Lite issue </span></h2>
Report and Summary: <ul>
<li> See minutes from Trash/Trash/Integration meeting, <a href="http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/MinutesSep21#NFS_lite_follow_up_David_Terrenc" target="_top">here</a>.
</li> <li> Need to formalize this into the organized process - Leigh has had discussions with Terrence and Frank to sort through the documents.
</li> <li> There will be a twiki instance setup to track this project.
</li> <li> These kinds of changes need to be coordinated more broadly - so that VOs with dependencies can be informed - we must remove hidden assumptions to avoid operational problems.  Related - how to improve our notification service.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Notification_service"></a> Notification service </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Discussion of how site-specific or other operational changes may be posted.
</li> <li> Where do site admins and VOs go?  How can we do this better?
</li> <li> Other problem is how do problems with middleware or a site get handled?  A vdt ticket or a GOC ticket.  How to improve this?   The VDT support center as a special case - should we re-think this?
</li> <li> Thinking about an OSG help-desk facility - to integrate VDT and OSG operations into a single center.  We all agree there is problem with the current structure.
</li> <li> Leigh, Doug, and Alain should get together and have a chat about a proposed solution.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Globus_Security_Update"></a> Globus Security Update: </span></h2>
Miron, Alain, Leigh, Frank, Doug -- could you discuss here? <ul>
<li> Alain now on internal Globus security committee now, should improve issues like this in the future.
</li> <li> Some testing had been removed, will need to be more careful in the future about tests.
</li> <li> Need to improve how we know if the security update is working correctly.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Invitation_for_OSG_to_request_NE"></a> Invitation for OSG to request NERSC resources </span></h2> <ul>
<li> Action items for OSG?
</li> <li> Issue of granting accounts to NERSC - will need to be signed up individually.
</li> <li> Someone in OSG will have to act as an authorization agent for NERSC.
</li> <li> And then the question of how resources should be allocated among OSG VOs.
</li> <li> What about accounting/monitoring information?  None for now - we will have to generate a report somehow.
</li> <li> Will need to follow a similar procedure for Teragrid.
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="AOB"></a> AOB </span></h2> <ul>
<li> None
</li></ul> 
<p />
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> - 20 Sep 2006</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Management<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Management/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>20060921AgendaMinutes</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r7 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:49 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />