---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 21 Sept 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending
   * Doug, Rob, Alain, Leigh, Mike, Miron

---++ Administrata
   * Any info on funding
      * Report on Ruth&#39;s visit to NSF
   * SOWs
      * [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/changeControl/OSGAug06/stdTaskOSGyr1_91406.html][ WBS]]  and embryonic [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/changeControl/OSGProjectPlan.doc][project plan]].
      * Question as to what institutions with slow startup funding will be doing.
   * Status of takeup of ATLAS offer of resources?  
      * Several issues have been resolved regarding getting other VOs running on ATLAS sites.

---++ The NFS-Lite issue
Report and Summary:
   * See minutes from Trash/Trash/Integration meeting, [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/MinutesSep21#NFS_lite_follow_up_David_Terrenc][here]].
   * Need to formalize this into the organized process - Leigh has had discussions with Terrence and Frank to sort through the documents.
   * There will be a twiki instance setup to track this project.
   * These kinds of changes need to be coordinated more broadly - so that VOs with dependencies can be informed - we must remove hidden assumptions to avoid operational problems.  Related - how to improve our notification service.

---++ Notification service
   * Discussion of how site-specific or other operational changes may be posted.
   * Where do site admins and VOs go?  How can we do this better?
   * Other problem is how do problems with middleware or a site get handled?  A vdt ticket or a GOC ticket.  How to improve this?   The VDT support center as a special case - should we re-think this?
   * Thinking about an OSG help-desk facility - to integrate VDT and OSG operations into a single center.  We all agree there is problem with the current structure.
   * Leigh, Doug, and Alain should get together and have a chat about a proposed solution.

---++ Globus Security Update: 
Miron, Alain, Leigh, Frank, Doug -- could you discuss here?
   * Alain now on internal Globus security committee now, should improve issues like this in the future.
   * Some testing had been removed, will need to be more careful in the future about tests.
   * Need to improve how we know if the security update is working correctly.

---++ Invitation for OSG to request NERSC resources
   * Action items for OSG?
   * Issue of granting accounts to NERSC - will need to be signed up individually.
   * Someone in OSG will have to act as an authorization agent for NERSC.
   * And then the question of how resources should be allocated among OSG VOs.
   * What about accounting/monitoring information?  None for now - we will have to generate a report somehow.
   * Will need to follow a similar procedure for Teragrid.

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.RuthPordes - 20 Sep 2006

