---+ %WEB% %CALC{&quot;$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)&quot;}%

---++ Attending
&lt;!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --&gt;
   *  Brian Bockelman
   *  Ted Hesselroth 
   *  Abhishek Rana
   *  Neha Sharma
   *  Tanya Levshina
   * Andrew Baranovski - apologies 

---++ Status Report
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;


Andrew:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
   1. have build presentation outlying the details of the dynamic log event routing for OSG:
http://home.fnal.gov/~abaranov/OSGLogs.pdf
   2. applied patch to hadoop configuration for ganglia unicast support
&lt;/pre&gt;

Ted:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
Contacted Yujun and Brian about GIP working at UFL
&lt;/pre&gt;

Neha:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
   1. ticket creation/follow-up
   2.  in process of building patchless client on the lustre client node. 
   3.  worked on activity and class uml diagrams for se validation package. discussion with tanya about the same.
&lt;/pre&gt;

Alex:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;

* discussed/explained bestman-gateway configuration
  -usage of usedBytesCommand for staticTokenList

* Support
  - invalid service handle in end point
  - srm-copy usage for multiple source files/directory at PDSF

* bestman 2.2.1.3 release preparation, packaging, testing
&lt;/pre&gt;

Tanya
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
  Meetings:
        Tier-3 liaison group
          LIGO-Pegasus telecon 

  Email discussions:
        BeStMan-gateway configuration with custom plugin &quot;useBytesCommand&quot; 
        Xrootd/Xrootd-GridFTP issues after upgrade
        Xrootd form VDT readiness for ATLAS Tier-3 sites 
        Status of SCEC jobs with Mats, Michael, Brian
        LIGO &amp; OSG_MM
  
  Technical work:
        Installed and tested a new version of xrootd/xrootdfs/xrootd-gridftp. Found &amp;  investigated problems, discussed them with developers
        Changed BeStMan-gateway configuration to use custom plugin for static space token space  usage, discussed encountered problems with developers
       Added more lcg-utils tests to tests suite
&lt;/pre&gt;



---++ First agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Troubleshooting/log collection design doc progress 
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Please review Andrew&#39;s document http://home.fnal.gov/~abaranov/OSGLogs.pdf and send your feed back

---++ Second Agenda Item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Progress with SCEC 
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Ted is working with  UFlorida to resolve issues with their GIP installation.

The update from Mats:
&lt;pre class=&quot;screen&quot;&gt;
No progress since last week.

Ticket has been submitted to GOC regarding Firefly

&quot; I don&#39;t think Caltech is going to work out because of
the preemption issues. I&#39;m still hoping that UFlorida or maybe Firefly
will work out.&quot;
&lt;/pre&gt;

Action Items:

   1. Ted &amp; Brian will try to help out Florida with GIP configuration
   1. Brian will investigate problems at Nebraska

---++ Third agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
LIGO progress

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
After telecon with LIGO and email exchanged with Mats it looks like the current solution is to use OSG_MM set up for LIGO and use condor_status queries to get information needed for Pegasus catalog. Mats has volunteered to configure and maintain this OSG_MM. Brian will push installation of newly released GIP at Nebraska so the missing information (surl to local mount mapping) could be also obtained via condor status. We should notify Britta when everything is ready for her to try.

---++ Fourth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
xrootd/xrootdfs release in vdt status (Tanya)

---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
New version of xrootd, xrootdfs, xrootd-gridftp has been installed. Some of the certification tests have failed. The investigation has shown that CNSd server on one of the data node was apparently stuck and failed to report the creation of the new files to the redirector node&#39;s composite name space. From the user point of view it looks like a file has been transferred successfully (srm-copy succeeded) but the attempt to list/retrieve this file failed (srm-ls,.. failed). The attempt to restart all the related daemons on the &quot;bad&quot; data server node failed due to &quot;Damaged or invalid
 /usr/local/xrootd-test/xrootd/var/admin/XrdCnsd.Recovery&quot; file. After consulting with developers the content of admin directory has been deleted and the daemons were successfully restarted. The &quot;missing&quot; files were not visible for user but according to the developers this was an expected  behavior. After restart all the certification tests passed. The developers have proposed to try to redo the transfer of &quot;missing&quot; files. The srm-copy succeeded, the content of the file has changed on the data server but the file still remain invisible for a user. An attempt to do the same transfer using root protocol succeeded and the file has appeared at the composite name space. 

Developers are looking into this problem.

---++ Fifth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
 Abhishek&#39;s plans for hadoop testing
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

Goal is to integrate Hadoop-SRM SE technology in OSG Storage and in VDT stack:
   * Build a technology pipeline to evaluate and integrate Hadoop-SRM SE packages into VDT. Improve documentation.
   * Collaborate with Scalability/Reliability/Usability Area to periodically certify performance.
   * Plan and issue &#39;golden releases&#39; of Hadoop-SRM SE, on 4-6 months timescale, officially supported by OSG Storage.
   * Sustain community support through excellent expertise in osg-hadoop list.
   * As viable, leverage on work of commercial startups already supporting Hadoop FS.

---++ Sixth agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
dcache golden release
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;
Tanya will build dcache &quot;golden preview&quot; version and we will start testing it.

Action items for Neha:
   * contact Suchandra and get the latest update on his dcache installation status
   * ask Steve Tim to do update with a new vdt-dcache script

---++ Seventh agenda item
&lt;!-- DESCRIPTION --&gt;
Tickets (Neha)
---+++ Discussion
&lt;!-- describe the discussion that took place --&gt;

+++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

7504 - dCache - Configuring space tokens at user account level instead of VO/Role

7505 - dCache - files gone missing on pool nodes with no obvious error

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7329 - dCache - postgresql-libs vs. apr-util

6912 - Open Science Grid: VDT request for PPC 64  (srm-copy failure)

Follow up in progress:
7447 - dCache - Low throughput observed after upgrading to dcache 1.9.4-3

7448 - dCache - Poor PNFS/Chimera performance on upgrade from 1.9.2-5 to 1.9.4.-x

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed

7380 -dCache - gPlazma drops roles when multiple roles map to same username

No update:

7326 - dCache - misleading error message when using dccp to transfer  data

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5

---++ Created by:
&lt;!-- Paste your signature (below) here --&gt;
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 24 Sep 2009
