%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%

---++ Logistics 
Wednesday December 13th

  o *OSG Financial Board Meeting*
    
   * Location: 621 Millikan Library - [[http://admissions.caltech.edu/visiting/getting-here][directions]], [[http://parking.caltech.edu/permits.html#visitor][parking!!]], [[http://www.caltech.edu/map/][maps]]
   * Host: Kent Blackburn 615 Millikan Library 626-395-3185 (office)
   * Start: ~Noon (PST)
   * End:   6PM (PST)
   * VRVS: Earth/Universe Community, Forest Virtual Room, Reserved 7AM Dec 13 - 6PM Dec 15th (_password:_ ligo_1)
   * Teleconferencing (phone only): 1.800.704.9896, Participant Code 779069#. 
      * Moderator must call in before teleconference can begin.
   * Meeting Conference Room Phone Number: 626-395-8520 
   * Adjacent Splinter Session Conference Room Phone Number: 626-395-8519

 MEETING FACILITIES:

 I have arranged the meeting rooms. We will be meeting in the
 LIGO conference rooms on the 6th floor of Millikan (the tallest
 building on campus). This facility has teleconferencing capabilities,
 wireless and wired network connectivity (need to register MAC
 number for the wireless) and projection capabilities for people&#39;s
 laptops. I have requested VRVS be configured for this room and
 will be testing in the near future with any remote participants
 that are interested.

 o *OSG Finance Board Membership*

   * Paul Avery &amp; Kent Blackburn, OSG Resource Managers (chairs)
   * Miron Livny, OSG PI and OSG Facilities
   * Ruth Pordes, OSG Executive Director
   * Frank Wuerthwein &amp; Torre Wenaus, Applications Coordinator
   * Mike Wilde, Education,Outreach, Training
   * Bill Kramer, the OSG Council
   * Jim Yeck, Liaison to the Funding Agencies
   * Bakul Banerjee, Executive Director&#39;s Consultant

*December 14th Executive Board Meeting* [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Management/20061214AgendaMinutes][Link]]

---++ Planned Deliverables for Finance Board Meeting:

o Review/Discuss Charge (as defined in the management plan)
   * In particular Jim Yeck&#39;s role
      * Consensus on a liaison role as described in the management plan, with the understanding that this liaison role is facilitation and communication in all directions between the funding agencies and OSG Finance Board. No formal responsibilities. 
   * Including change control responsibilities/authorities
      * Endorsed the project execution plan. 
      * Need to define thresholds in the Change Control Plan - Ruth will write before 1/1/07
      * Submit to the JOT before the meeting in February.
   * How do we interact and what are our expectations with External Projects
   * Who does the Finance Board report to

o Concrete reporting structure (email list, website, report
  templates/invoicing, chain of command)
   * Reports should be substantive
   * Web based would be good, needs password protection and
      probably the least painful
      * Effort reports being worldreadable on the twiki is acceptable.
      * Financial tracking and invoice reports. Wisconsin tracks by invoice. PI will forward to Resource Managers access to the resources. Wisconsin will make the spreadsheets of funding streams to the Resource Manager. Reports should be without salaries and these can be deduced. These reports will be restricted. Show the reports to the Council on request. What is the structure of the reporting? Summaries may be restricted to a different set. The restricted list is the Finance Board.
      * Finance board minutes and agenda  available to a restricted list that includes the Council. 

o Concrete schedules for reporting (due dates)
   * How does this overlap with other schedules
      * Monthly reporting of activities/effort
      * Monthly reporting of task completion status
      * Quarterly reporting of expeditures. 

   * Review November 30 effort reports

o Frequency of meetings and logistics of meetings (relationship to
  Executive Board Meetings and Annual Reports to funding agencies)
      * Agreed to Finance Board  meetings face to face every other EB (~12 weeks) in Year 1.
      * Agreed that appropriate for OSG to fund travel to these meetings. 
      * For Year 2 SOW and budget distribution will consider need for funds for travel and management reserve (which does not exist at the moment).  Consider specific travel fund for Year 2.

o Review of SOW, Project Plan and WBS
   * Presentation of SOW by chair
   * Presentation of Project Plan/WBS Executive Director
   * Standing item to review reports
   * Guidance from Council

o Roll all this up into a Finance Plan
   * Talk to Bill Kramer to learn what he is looking
      for in a Finance Plan
      * non-issue. recommunicated that Management plan and work of the Finance board as defined therein are sufficient.
   * Do we integrate into OSG Management Plan or provide a
      separate document

o Status of ramp up of effort and new hires

o Plans for biweekly reporting to funding agencies
   * Ruth to provide [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-BiweeklyReport-ToFunders.doc][draft]]: by Wednesday

---++ OSG Institutional Statements of Work (SOW)

The current postings of [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/][SOWs]] on the web.

Signature Status of Institutional Statements of Work based on the SOW documents at the URL above at 10AM PST on Tuesday, December 12th.

|*Institution*|*SOW Draft*|*PI*|*RM*|*ED*|*FM*|*SRO*|
|Boston|Yes|Yes|No|No|No|No|
|BNL|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|No|Yes|
|Caltech|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|
|Columbia|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|No|
|Cornel|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|No|
|Chicago|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|
|!FermiLab|Yes|Yes|No|Yes|No|No|
|Florida|Yes|Yes|No|No|No|No|
|Indiana|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|No|No|
|Iowa|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|
|ISI|Yes|No|Yes|Yes|Yes|No|
|LBNL|Yes|No|No|No|No|No|
|RENCI|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|Yes|
|SLAC|Yes|No|No|No|No|No|
|UCSD|Yes|No|Yes|Yes|No|No|
|Wisconsin|Yes|No|No|No|No|No|

PI = _Institution Principle Investigator_, 
RM = _OSG Resources Managers_, 
ED = _OSG Executive Director_, 
FM = _OSG Facilities Manager_, 
SRO = _Institution Sponsored Research Officer_.

Link to the OSG [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/changeControl/WBSFromProjectPlan.htm][WBS]].

---++ Individual Effort Reports

The October and November individual efforts reports are located [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/OSGReports/OSGIndividualEffortReports][here]].


---++ List of External Projects

This is the list of external projects circulated to the Executive Team
September 29th, 2006 which currently stands as follows:

  o *IN PLACE:*

   * LIGO &quot;Physics at the Information Frontier&quot; &amp;#8211; Patrick Brady
   * CDIGS/Globus &amp;#8211; Lisa Childers
   * Ultralight &amp;#8211; Frank Van Lingen
   * US LHC (US representation to the WLCG) &amp;#8211; Ian Fisk  (Bruce Gibbard)
   * DISUN - Frank Wuerthwein
   * Condor &amp;#8211; Todd Tannenbaum
   * OSG Privilege/Authz &amp;#8211; Gabriele Garzoglio
   * OSG Accounting &amp;#8211; Philippe Canal

NEW

   * CEDS &amp;#8211;  Jenny
   * Security for Open Science &amp;#8211; Deb Agarwal
   * dCache &amp;#8211; Gene Oleynik
   * DRM &amp;#8211; Alex Simm

---++ OSG Management Plan, Version 4:

The current version of the OSG Management Plan is located [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=314][here]].

_from the above referenced OSG Management Plan:_

*Finance Board and Resources Manager*

The Resource Manager oversees all financial aspects of the OSG. This includes the finances within the OSG, as well as the contributions from external organizations. The Finance Board evaluates contributions, including contributions pledged from the stakeholder organizations, for the relations with the funding agencies, for contract policies, and for all administrative matters. The Resources Manager is chair of the Finance Board.

The Finance Board discusses and decides on all-important issues related to OSG finances. This including funding, distribution of charges, income and expenditure, adjudication of large contracts, major decisions with financial implications made by projects, annual budgets and all subjects related to oversight by the funding agencies. 

All important decisions are reported to the Executive Board and the OSG Council. The Finance Board takes decisions in consensus. Resolution of conflicts is through the Executive Board.

Members of the OSG Finance Board are: OSG Resources Manager(s), OSG Principle Investigator, ex-officio, Facility Coordinator or deputy, ex-officio, Applications Coordinators, Executive Director or deputy, ex-officio, OSG Council chair or deputy, ex-officio, Liaison to the funding agency (non-voting)

The Resources Manager is appointed by the Executive Director (subject to confirmation by the OSG Council). He/she keeps the Finance Board up to date on the financial situation, consults the Finance Board on all major non-technical decisions, and is in charge for all matters related to the resources for the OSG except those which fall under the direct jurisdiction of the institutes or stakeholder organizations, including their contribution to the scientific goals of the Consortium stakeholders. He/she is in charge of any common fund operation for the evaluation of in-kind contributions and contractual policy, and presents annual budget and expenditures reports to oversight bodies. 

Each project has a Resources Manager. He/she reports to the OSG Finance Board on resources aspects of their project through written quarterly reports to the OSG Resources Manager. If an issue is identified, the project&#39;s Resource Manager may be asked to present at a subsequent OSG Finance Board meeting.

Requests for a change in the financial allocations can be made to the Finance Board by the Executive Board, stakeholder organizations, or project resource managers. When the Finance Board determines that a change in the resource allocation is warranted, as an example due to new requirements and schedule of the stakeholders or projects, a Resource Change Proposal is submitted to the Executive Board for approval. Once agreed to by the Executive Board it is confirmed by the Council.

---++ Minutes from Pre-Finance Board Meeting with Jim Yeck

o Attending: Jim Yeck, Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Kent Blackburn

o Action Items: 
   * Kent will circulate minutes (here in)
   * Jim will provide reporting examples from other projects

o Minutes:

Discussed the upcoming JOT meeting in February with the DOE and NSF.
Ruth reported that Craig Tull is currently organizing this meeting. This
round will not come across as a review, but is intended to be a helpful
meeting with the OSG and funding agencies. Ruth reported that the OSG ET
would be invited as well as Jim Yeck.

Jim then gave comment based on the Finance Board Agenda included in
earlier email. Jim pointed out that at these types of meetings there is
a tendency to get a lot of advice, which is good, but leads to a lot of
things to do. The approach of doing a little bit on all of these is not
necessarily the best way to proceed. Instead effort should be made to
prioritize and do a good job on those items with the highest priorities.

Also, the reporting aspect is critically important. Reporting needs a
regular cadence with clear milestones. This will lead to better control
and interactions with the funding agencies (Jim will send examples).

Jim recommends that we start reporting now and be prepared to iterate on
the process so that the tools are exercised well in advance of the first
JOT meeting.

Ruth would like a draft proposal ready for discussion on next
Wednesday&#39;s Finance Board meeting. Jim noted that in his experience he
has started out with weekly reporting then moving to biweekly and later
monthly as the the project smooths out.

Jim also made the statement that funding agencies like to know there is
someone person that is accountable and in charge and that this person
provides focus to meetings.

Jim commented that weekly teleconferences with the funding agencies is
very important for keeping channels of communication open (though
painful at times). Jim mentioned that IceCube does this. {KB - Note LIGO
also holds a weekly telecon between the NSF and the LIGO Directorate
Office which consists of 3 or 4 individuals from LIGO side}. Ruth would
like to leave this as an item to place on the agenda at the first JOT
meeting to propose at that time.

Jim asked if we had money yet, to which Ruth answered yes. Ruth
commented on how hard it is to get money out and that this would be a
primary focus for the Finance Board meeting next week. Jim was for his
advice on this. Jim feels it is best to work on getting the money out
even if you have to take a few shortcuts so that you are in a position
to establish the project and review deliverables. If milestones are not
being met you can respond accordingly. Kent noted that a printer was
available on the same floor as the Finance Board Meeting so the SOWs
could be printed out and circulated. There was some discussion of the
issues with CIT SOW that fell out of transition of PI in the CIT SRO
office. Ruth remarked that a somewhat related issue exist at UChicago.


