---++!! OSG Council Quarterly Teleconference 

%TOC%

---+++ Logistics
   * January 29th 2014
   * 7am Pacific Time, 8am Mountain, 9am Central, 10am Eastern 
   * Dial in instructions may be found [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/WebHome#Logistics][here]].

---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: Amber, Lothar, Bill, Brad, Ken, David, Greg, Horst, Jerome,  Paul, Steve, Ruth, Scott, Von
   * Regrets-notification given: Tom Hacker, Bob Clare, Rob Roser, 2nd half- Brad Abbott
  

 We will have 3 1 hour sessions with 10 minute breaks between each one. 


---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*

https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/October-2-2013#Action_items_generated
https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/October-2-2013#Action_items_generated_AN1


---+++ Resulting Action Items:  


114. Quantify and report on opportunistic usage by site and owner  for the next Council meeting. 

115. Understand who is contributing cycles and why. This can lead to how to get more access and where the funding came from. Can look for others that fit that profile. Are there other profiles that we have not been chasing to get more people on board - Ruth, Chander

116.  reach out to Investigators that use the OSG through each of the institutions and see if they are prepared to help mentor. Provide them with a list of applications already running on OSG - Council members

117. List new sites and new VOs each quarter - Ruth

118. List Campus users each quarter - Ruth, Rob G

---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  Ruth Pordes
      * Semi-annual face-to-face Council meeting at the AHM at SLAC
      * Jim Shank has stepped down as US ATLAS Council representative. US ATLAS have nominated Mark Neubauer from UIUC to take his place. Several of us know Mark already. I am positive towards his joining us.
      * Council member contributions to the 2013 Annual report.
  
   * Executive Director  - Lothar Bauerdick
      * Interest to continue as Executive Director for another two years/term

   * Technical Director  - Miron Livny
      * OSG User School July 7-11th, Madison.

   * request system - should we - representing User communuties  - be using it more effectively? [[%ATTACHURLPATH%/Screen_Shot_2014-01-28_at_11.02.40_PM.png][Request System screenshot]]
      * Comments: Jerome: ... but will pay more attention; Bill Barnett (Indiana): a thought on the request system.  If we want more activity, it might be a good idea to put a link to these systems on the home page - taken as action item by Council Chair
   * recent reports from the technical areas for review:  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/20140122AgendaMinutes][Software]], [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Management/20131030AgendaMinutes/AreaCoord_10_30_2013.pptx][Security]], [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/20131204AgendaMinutes][Campus Grids]], [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Management/2014015AgendaMinutes/OSG-Area-Coordinators-Jan-15.pdf][Technology]], [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/20140108AgendaMinutes][Operations]], [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Management/20131211AgendaMinutes/OSG_User_Support_11dec2013.pdf][User Support]],[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/20131218AgendaMinutes][Network DashBoard transition]]

    

---+++  Old Business

   * Endorsement of Lothar Bauerdick as Executive Director for the next 2 years - Ruth
      * Full Endorsement. Congratulations Lothar and Much Appreciation for a job well done and a continued excellent job to come !!

   * Status and Plans for the AHM  - Amber
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_29jan2014.pdf][OSG as an XD SP]] Update for reading
      *  Discussion: Strategic connection to get researchers through the Campus Connect. Mostly people coming in and people who heard about it and are directly connected to the user support group. Small program of communities know should be serving. Allowing Campuses to extend into OSG. Initiatives of specific applications. 
   * OSG CA Status - Report - Von - Appreciation for success of this project expressed by all. 
      * PKI survey in progress by Operations, 1000 requests sent out, &gt;50 responses so far.
      * Y3+ contract with DigiCert in progress (with Chander, Oli, John H.)
      * 1149 user certificates, 5601 host certificates issued (as of Jan 28/29)
         * &gt;400 user and &gt;3000 host certificates still valid from DOE Grids PKI. May or may not be in use. Will expire by April.

   * iSGTW status - Paul
      * Current chair of advisory board leaving EGI. Outreach to ESNET to join the board.
      * Greg - ESNET supports joining  this engagement with OSG and Indiana U.  Depends on effort level needed.
Review /Update on Action Items:

113. Request from BNL for OSG to help VOs make allocation requests to XSEDE. Council Chair to discuss with ET.  - Ruth
   * On talking to Michael separate initial US ATLAS testing on Gordon and other Resources and helping VOs successfully request XSEDE allocations. US ATLAS had discussions with Mike on the usage of Gordon. There is a natural contact within ATLAS at TACC in Austin and Texas Tech. 1000 core machine and can use this. Have now technical means to exploit the resources. Are already active in setting it up using OSG Connect technologies to funnel jobs through the PANDA WMS into TACC. This is well underway. 
   * XSEDE resources through OSG. Agree that this request to be made directly through the ATLAS VO and administrative personnel. Would take up OSG with regard to helping formulating the request to have a good potential to be approved.  Indiana has experience with requesting allocation (on OSG in this instance).


112. Expect interim report from Trash/Trash/Blueprint and planning process for Resource Provisioning at Jan Council meeting, Jerome and Von will be part of the team, as contributors from the Consortium, in particular the cloud provisioning aspect. - Lothar
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=7588][November Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting]] [[https://indico.fnal.gov/getFile.py/access?resId=minutes&amp;materialId=minutes&amp;confId=7588][Minutes/Action items]]
   * Define principles and architectures for a resource provisioning layer
Provisioning layer as such to allow more defined and control of resources on the OSG – GlideINWMS, PANDA etc. Number of use cases. E.g application to use resource A and that is very high priority and if these are low add resources at B and add other sides and/or commercial cloud resources in a robust dynamic and accountable way. 
Progress is slow but steady. Good understanding of the issues and needs of the stakeholders. Described in some detail.
5th Feb is the next meeting and will discuss how to structure the solution and work with the stakeholders who are providing the provisioning technologies to  meet the OSG goals. 
Document agreed upon and well defined as a following up at the next meeting. Number of action items and interim phone calls. Next step would then include the peering projects – PANDA, others. To include the
m in the discussion and implementation. 
Cloud provisioning is part of what we are discussing. Functionality which the major VOs have and the need is to have the OSG providing important functions in providing access to and allocation of these resources. Smaller VOs, accounting etc. high on the priority list. 
Use case of allocation at HPC centers is equally important and equally moving us forward in this direction. 
Won&#39;t solve all the financial side and funding etc. in the short term will still be benefits and lots of work to do in the space. 
Discussions at the APril meeting. WIll carry this in the AHM program committee. Is large interest. Other aspects – agree that OSG needs to be more proactive in supporting Virtualization and Clouds as a technology. Perhaps part of the Campus Day. Weekly meeting on developing those idea. 

110. Follow up to include offer of XSIM/Von help support in process for new VOs and RPs. Council Chair to work on this with ET. - Von, Mine
   * [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/16a0CYKbwtNf5XPTO7jBQt3fdN39ihlJxSAVFAWZZ-bI/edit?pli=1][Draft plan]]
   * Test driving with VO outside of OSG. Available for comment in OSG in a month or two for public consumption.  Mine has seen the plan but no deep discussion to date. Draft 2 pager will get to her. 
   * Action Item Closed.

109. Council to discuss &quot;expectations of entry&quot; as resource constraints continue to increase. - Ruth
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_VO_Registration_Workflow.docx][OSG_VO_Registration_Workflow.docx]]
   * Change agreed to move forward to Implementation.
   * Action Item Closed.

107. ESNET Action items, Greg to write letter of proposed collaboration items to the ET. Council Chair requests project leadership - User Support, Campus - meet with the Science Trash/Engagement Team and report back at January Council meeting. - Greg, Michael
   *  Greg –  agreed that there are a couple of promising areas for collaboration: Science Trash/Engagement and Network Monitoring. ESNET and OSG ET exchanged email on collaboration opportunities. Next step is to advance the conversations. Chander – Science Engagement; Tim for Network Monitoring. BRian Tierney will be in contact with Tim. 
   * Network Monitoring – new framework for Perfosnar. Operations collective across s/w developers/ new commitments bu Indiaya, I2 and ESNET. Dante/Geant agreement to converge EU Performane and US Perfsonar into one. Beneficial – decrease confusion and brings more developers into one code thread. Major milestone that 10000 servers are deployed. More that are deployed easier to move data around the world. ESNET provide support and assistance on the dashboard. Very appreciative for OSG to provide guidance and support on release management and distribution. 4 FTEs for the support. 2 objectives for 2014: Greatly improve data mobility for CLimate science worldwide (based on knowledge from HEP) more fragmented and less adept; Building a pragmatic scalable model for light source users to get data back to their campuses – significant collaboration with Globus. Proactively contact each beam lime user to get their data transmission problems resolved before they use their beam line. Move this out more broadly across the DOE.  Amber: LBNL meeting of BES working group – tentatively 20th Feb. HPS collaboration at SLAC taking data at JLAB in a year might be good candidates for this support.
   * Expect one more report in April before closing action item.

106. Chander, Brian, Rob Q, Bill B and Jarek N, will discuss impact, needs, initial resource allocation for the Blast application through the Galaxy portal and give an interim report back at the Jan Council meeting.  - Scott 
   * Soichi met with ND on ideas how to optimize things. Have a prototype portal that can submit jobs to OSG. Have run some test jobs at scale. Have discovered many interesting things are now addressing. Storage – generate an enormous output file. Working on means to stream the output directly to storage at indiana. 20TB allocation on the Data Capacitor for this. Another problem is that the Galaxy portal runs on a machine at IU – complies with the legal requirements to electronically protected health information. OSG resources do not meet those requirements. Will meet with local experts on how to protect the portal against the use of HIPPA data.  Globus Online – fuzzy grey area. Genome data not regarded technically as PHI but people are treating it differently in different institutions. Insitustion based policies. Lot of researchers out there are not taking that approach at this point. Trends in next couple of years could end up in the PHI bucket. Sometime will have to address this and this is a new regime and will need organization contracts to hold the data ever. Intersection between HIPPA and Science Workflows is on the ESNET radar as part of data movement, networks and firewalls. Greg talking to NIST. SCott: As of right now answer is no for human information. Constrain to non-human. 
   * action item closed once record which Area in OSG will continue as the contact for this activity - Ruth

---+++ Council Member Roundtable Topics
 
   * DOSAR - Horst – african grid /physics school. Working on the agenda.
   * US ATLAS - Michael – Looking forward to the provisioning discussion and outcome.  Suitable point Atlas WMS experts would like to get involved in the discussion. Discussion at a recent LHCOPN – experiments need to express network needs and future ideas in early Feb and then ATLAS s/w and computing week 
   * HCC - David - potential new Campuses for engagement:  Case State, North Dakota
   * Input from non-Council VOs
      * ALICE-USA main US/OSG site moving from LLNL to ORNL
      * OSC a new OSG site for NOvA
 


---+++   Meeting Adjourned 

11.10 am Chicago time

-- Main.RuthPordes - 20 Jan 2014

