---+!!&lt;nop&gt;%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Oct15][October 15]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

&lt;!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

--&gt;

---++ Action items from previous meeting:

---++ Status of v1.0 release.

Philippe: We cut and exported Gratia v1.00.

John: One odd occurence on one of the test machine.  Waiting to see if he re-occurs.

---++ DB and Schema issues

Q: When do upgrade to the latest release of MySQL
Q2: Which version to upgrade 5.0.67 or 5.1.xx?

Dan: We want the mysql to be packaged using rpm.

S: I would like to have some standard query and/or test performance.

Philippe:  Chris will give you this information

---++ OSG Issues

N/A.

---++ Operations

Dan: Planning on starting to test v1.00 next week.

Dan: It was nice to see that the Remedy/FootPrint/GocTicket works nicely.

Dan: Will send hardware plan next week.

Dan: November 7th, gratia-vm02 will move to gratiax12

---++ CD Issues

Jeff: He would be better if we could be adding report without having to make a major release.

Philippe: Yes, this can be implemented by replicating the (summary) data to an additional database.

---++ Test Bed

---++ Any Other Business

---++ To be discussed later:
