OSG Executive Team Meeting, February 22, 2007

%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Rob G., Alain, Doug, Torre, Mike

---++ Pending Action Items
---+++ OSG 0.6.0 release
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/MinutesFeb22

We need to emphasize that about one week for VO testing is left.

---+++ Effort needs for near term projects
   * Good information in the GIPs: External project CMS effort, gratia effort. OSG Operations effort. 
   * Validation/Availability  tests; WLCG , CMS milestones: expect Indiana Operations effort and UCSD Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions effort.
   * LIGO Identity Management effort: Fermilab extensions effort, LIGO, Wisconsin engagement effort.
   * Security plan execution, infrastructure development: Fermilab effort (before grid hire on board), .. need a developer here from the Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Extensions effort from..?
   * Metrics: Collection, synthesis, presentation. I believe we need a 1/2 to full time person to make good progress over the next three months. If we don&#39;t have someone can we request to  hire a consultant for 3 months to work with Miron and Chander with $ not spent in the first year? 

---+++ OSG 1-2 page writeup as input to CEDPS meeting
Ruth&#39;s email from 1:13pm CST today.  Writeup due by end of OSG all hands meeting (Mar 8).

---++ Usage and Users Support

---++ Resources Management

---++ Facility

---++ EOT
Next workshop in 3 weeks (Mar 24,25, Sat. Sun), UIC. Word just going out now.
Need to spread the word.  Trying a regional workshop now, and see how it works out.


---++ Engagement

---++ Extensions

---++ From the ED
---+++ Comments on the JOT meeting
From Kent:
   * Concerned about ramping up on personnel
   * Concerned about Leigh leaving (Rob likely to be replacement upon SOW signing)
   * 7 non-HEP projects presented, would nice terse presentation of non-HEP project - this is very useful
   * One concern is whether or not there is enough external oversight beyond this body (JOT); there  is the OSG Council, but Jot doesn&#39;t have enough cycles: There observation that a project this size usually has an external advisory (science advisory)
   * JOT to plan external review
   * JOT will work with/on metrics with feedback loop involving OSG
   * ESNet, Internet2, etc. should be engaged.
   * Would like to see even more &quot;user level&quot; talks than what Torre presented
   * Have been grids for a long time, we are learning but metrics need to be &quot;crisply&quot; defined so that higher ups in the funding agencies have visibility
   * Next big milestone: one year review
   * Moishe impressed by how much we have done and impressed by how much more we have to do.


-- Main.DougOlson - 22 Feb 2007
