---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Tuesday 11 October, 2011
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Acceptance of last months minutes from [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/September-13-2011][13 Sept 2011]]

   * Attending: Brad Abbott, Paul Avery, Lothar Bauerdick, Jen Nahn (minutes), Rick Snider, Tom Hacker, Chander Sehgal, Bob Clare, Rob Quick
   * Regrets:  Michael Ernst, Ruth Pordes, Horst Severini, Piotr Sliz, Richard Mount, Bill Johnston

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   *  none

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others
   * BeStMan documents may be found in DocDB: [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1075][OSG-doc-1075-v1]]
      * BeStMan – after funding at LBNL ends. Minimal support to OSG, preserve gateway functionality, getting people to transition to BeStMan 2.  Stakeholders, including STAR, indicated functionality they depend on – will only support that, no new feature development just maintenance and security patching – after end of this calendar year.
      * Note about having trouble getting into DocDB.  You need to apply for access even if you are in the proper group.  If you get an error message, request access to the group OSG Council. You will receive an email with one more step. 

---+++ DOE Collaboratories Workshop
   * First meeting of steering group was 10/7 (Lothar).  Not WLCG – but DOE Workshop on Collaboration for Extreme Scale Science.  Workshop 6-7 December.  First meeting we heard about different organizing committee participants.  Application scientists and computing scientists put forward ideas.  Main question is to put the different needs on the table.  Heard from just a subset.  High energy physics and many other fields.  Many different themes and tools are of interest, as well as organizational structure and support.  Next thing is to actually get a ranking of services, and input from OSG.  Important at next meeting for OSG to come to the table and say there is a need for ----complexity, working in a service environment etc, and this is what we can offer.  Not OSG coming up with list of services but here is the program, where can we address these needs and why it should be funded.  So it’s just the beginning of a 6-week process.  It is important for OSG to engage and bring a real work program to the table.  Ian Foster will do it as will others, and OSG should do that as well.  This is over the next 3-4 weeks.  May get more from Richard when he’s back from vacation.

---+++ Action
   * Lothar is waiting for a meeting summary which will be posted on the minutes of this teleconference.

---+++ Approaching Sponsors

   * Run II/CDF - Rick Snider (see attachment)
      * Rick:  Charged w/ talking with sponsors. CDF recently met with funding agencies, a good opportunity.  Discussed items from Run II assessment with a number of people at DOE and NSF.  Approached Jim Siegrist and didn’t get a chance to bring it up, but hope to soon.  Hope to make connection of importance of continuing for next round.  Summary attached.

   * D0 - Brad Abbott
      * approached spokespeople, and last meeting it was more focus on the proposal.  D0 spokespeople wrote back saying they didn’t want unsolicited comments for a proposal, felt it wasn’t their place.  Then what we’ve been doing is say in general how wonderful OSG has been for the experiment, generally the need for OSG in the future and let them make the connection to the proposal.
      * How long to get through analyses?  About a year, with a reasonably large-scale tail. So next two years = significant computing to be done, may become more reliant on resources that are less dedicated to the experiment.  FNAL is committed to 5 years support.

   * CMS
      * Lothar - JOG meeting a couple weeks ago it was brought up and didn’t get any concrete reply, mostly just to remind them how dependent we are on it.  
      * Bob – has a draft letter which will be sent soon to CMS PI’s about pointing out in their conversations w/ funding agencies that they should talk up OSG about resources.  Any site with a tier-3 should really make a point with those activities. This opportunity is 1/3 of CMS institutes that are up for renewal mid-Nov, so Bob will get this email out soon.
      * Chander – timing is right. Emails recently with Marv, looks like a review panel is being set up now, so the timing is this quarter as far as we can tell.  

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * Revisiting Council membership
      * Paul: Whom do people actually represent?  Are there gaps in our representation that we need to address?  Are there small VO’s wondering about their representation?  Tom Hacker – hasn’t heard anything.  Maybe just think about this…
      * Tom was at the last CAST (?) meeting.  John Tom, Miron Livny were there.  EXSEDE may be one to look into.  Chander points out that w/o formal framework, we are starting to get contacts from researchers who would normally come through EXSEDE.  Gain experience through that.

   * Collective VO Representation?

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues

   * DOSAR - Everything fine. 
   * NEES – scheduled to have submission tool ready in December.  


---+++ AOB
   * none

---++++Action:  

-- Main.JenniferNahn - 26Oct 2011

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/cdf-sponsor-contact-2011-10-06.txt][cdf-sponsor-contact-2011-10-06.txt]]: Email from Rob Roser concerning CDF computing and OSG

