---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

---+++ Logistics

   * Adobe Connect http://osg.adobeconnect.com/council/
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 8403921
   * Date: Tuesday, September 11, 2012
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 

   * We will be starting to follow, as useful and appropriate,  the Roberts Rules of Order - &lt;i&gt;a set of rules for conduct at meetings, that allows everyone to be heard and to make decisions without confusion. &quot; &lt;/i&gt;:  Ref: [[http://www.robertsrules.org/rulesintroprint.htm]]

   * Goal to have &lt;=30mins business and =&gt;30 mins discussion.
  
---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: Richard Jones, Vicky White, Ruth Pordes, Greg Bell, Jim Shank, Chander Sehgal, Von Welch, Brad Abbott, Bill Barnett, David Swanson, Paul Avery, Michael Ernst, Rick Snider, Rob Quick, Lothar Bauerdick, Horst Severini, Bob Clare
   * Regrets:  Tom Hacker, Jerome Lauret, Miron Livny, Steve Tuecke, Piotr Sliz, Amber Boehnlein
---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Agenda2012Aug22-23][August Semi-Annual Face-to-Face Meeting]]


---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  
      * Adoption of  Roberts Rules of Order. Will post update to Action Items and fill Old and New Business topics 1 week before future Council meetings. 
      * Status of [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]] - Ruth. Just a summary today. 
         * PKI Contingency plan feedback - working with Von and Lothar and have feedback from ET (will hear later)
         * Satellite Reports - Will post a schedule next month
         * Council representation and organization - working with the sub-committee (discussion below)
         * Other action items working with ED who will report on them. 

   * Executive Director - Report  - Lothar 
      * ET organizing a small group to revisit the responsibilities and organization of the software needs for the project
      * Lothar will present stakeholder request system at the next council meeting (October 9)
      * Lothar will organize presentation and discussion on the project work plan for the Campus Area for the November Council meeting


---+++  Special orders --- Important business previously designated for consideration at this meeting.
   * Virtual Organization Reports to the Council 
      * VO of the month:  Glue-X - [[%ATTACHURL%/GluexVO-9-2012.ppt][Gluex VO Status Report]] (Richard Jones)   
         * Question raised regarding what response was to these slides by reviewers, communities. No memorable response from nuclear energy community was noted by Richard.
         * In response to the question of how the Council can help GlueX to be more effective, Richard proposed going ahead with 5 million more computing hours in the coming year. Chander stated this was achievable. (Note action item #8)
      * Other VOs and Issues gathered: 

---+++ Committee reports.
   * Review  charter for SubCommittee #1: Council structure, representation, adoption of SAG activities
   * Status of other sub-committees 
      * OSG Council structure, representation, adoption of SAG activities subcommittee: anyone else interested in joining?  Vicky and Amber will be reaching out..
      * OSG and Industry committee:  David Swanson and Ken Bloom are teaming on this committee. Piotr Sliz has also volunteered. Subcommittee will meet next week.
      * OSG Sustainability after 5 years sub-committee: Jim Shank and Miron volunteered, Ian Fisk has agreed to be on this committee, delegated by the Fermilab Council rep (Vicky)

---+++   Unfinished business.

---+++    New business.
---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: October 9, 2012     (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)
   * Annual OSG All Hands meeting: March 11-13, Indiana University
   * Updates have been made to the council member list: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/New 
---+++ Adjournment.


---+++ Resulting (new/updated) Action Items:  

1. Review action items, list topics that need to be picked up again later, collect into a larger, actionable item instead of many smaller items. Suggest adding input dates for revisiting and summarizing action items. (Lothar to consolidate and summarize, Von to consolidate and summarize PKI action items) 

2. Motion to post PowerPoint presentation of Executive Director report 1 week before the teleconference. (Lothar)

3. Satellite report rotation will be put on a separate Twiki page. (Ruth)

4. Post information regarding the stakeholder request system 1 week (Oct. 2) before the next teleconference (Lothar)

5. Motion to accept Subcommittee #1’s charge this month or next (Bill Barnet, Horst Severini, Bob Clare and Paul Avery seconded this motion).

6. Investigate the bottlenecks GlueX researchers experienced at level of 2,000. (Chander)


-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 011 Sep 2012

