-- Main.DanFraser - 11 Nov 2010
---+++ Attendees : 
   * Rob S., Alain, Rik, Doug, Tanya, Mine, Jim, Marco, Dan
---+++ Notes:
   * T3s are now finally getting their funding, purchasing equipment and coming online
   * Rob S. 
      * CMS has been offered a deal comparable to Atlas for purchasing hardware
      * Marie Christine is putting together a T3 document with a higher level executive outlook designed for the funding agencies. This document could also help T3&#39;s understand better how to pitch their proposals and get help with funding.
      * There are 5-6 sites in start-up mode with another five coming in the next few months.
      * Startup sites are having the usual issues: networking; how to change/modify their CE&#39;s and SEs, ...
      * Of course not all of the sites are starting from scratch, some of these already had mini T3&#39;s operating and are adding hardware.
      * Terrence Martin gave a talk at the CMS T3 meeting that discussed security and best practice details for setting up Hadoop file systems. Maryland is planning to give Hadoop a try.
      * CMS is involved in the Xrootd demonstrator project with T2s for data distribution. They are also soliciting interested T3s to participate. 
      * CMS is continuing to add sites that use the central PHEDEX server. So far this is a qualified success. This strategy makes it easier for sites to get data. Six sites are using this now. 
      * A couple of sites are worried about worker nodes having outbound connections. They are wondering about maintaining a whitelist, but the consensus at FNAL is that this would be difficult to manage.
   * Doug &amp; Rik
      * Quite a few sites coming online: Brandeis, Stony Brook, Santa Cruz, Irvine, Columbia IA.
      * Other sites are looking more like a T2: UTA, Dallas, Boston, Harvard
      * Expecting about 12 more to come online soon
      * Panda is working at a basic level for T3, but needs more development work to make it useful for T3s. 
      * Continuing to sort out Xrootd for T3s
         * A baseline Xrootd configuration has been setup with help from the OSG team. This has the ability to get data and analyze it.
         * Would like a better interface for data management and for getting data from the grid
         * Atlas is also participating in the Xrootd confederation. It is important for the T3 setup to be compatible with this option so that in the longer term T3s can adopt this if they would like to. 
         * Doug is going to SLAC to work with Andy on the Xrootd interface. 
      * Doug has set up an Atlas T3 support center at the GOC.
   * Xrootd (Tanya)
      * The OSG Storage team just had a monthly meeting with the Xrootd team and now understands the requirements of the next RPM. There are changes in configuration, security, and the addition of a Global namespace.
      * VDT will work on the configuration when this is released in the next few weeks.
   * Security (Mine, Jim)
      * There is an ongoing discussion about how to tailor messages for Atlas T3 admins, especially the physicist types that may not understand all the details. Doug and Rik (until they find someone else in Atlas to do this) will be the ones to look at the announcements that have already been vetted through OSG, perform a second check on them, then pass them back to OSG for distribution.
      * Will try this process with the next security alert as a test case.




---+++ Meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group
