---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: Tuesday June 9th, 2009 
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending: *Kent Blackburn, Paul Avery, Chander Sehgal, Dick Greenwood, Lothar Bauerdick, Piotr Sliz, Ruth Pordes, Brad Abbott, Richard Mount, Jerome Lauret*
   * Regrets: *Bill Johnston, Michael Ernst, Shaowen Wang*

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Kent noted that in the future this segment of the meeting will include contributions from other members of the Executive Team to allow the council to get a richer perspective of the OSG inner workings.  

Ruth provided a link to the Executive Director&#39;s Report: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-June-09-2009][ED report]] Everyone is encouraged to read this.

Ruth will be calling members of the council to discuss planning for the future of OSG over the next couple of weeks. The original planning schedule is being delayed by a couple of weeks. Ruth reported on a couple of satellite proposals that have actually been funded. One went to the NSF/OCI to provide funds for students associated with OSG to attend the International Grid Summer School being held in France this year. Proposal went in through LSU and is in collaboration with TeraGrid. $35K was awarded. Sending 10 students, some funded by OSG base funds and most funded by this award. A meeting using Adobe Connect is scheduled for this Thursday with the students and a followup will be planned for after the school with the students. Second was in collaboration with LBNL and FNAL for a storage testbed with a significant amount of hardware on a 100 GB network that ESnet and Internet2 will be providing with ARRA funds. Requested 4 FTEs for 3 years to do testing, performance, scalability frameworks, but received award for just 2 FTEs and no hardware. The 2 FTEs will be at UW and UCSD and were requested to be postdocs by DOE. A modified program of work has been posted to reflect the reduced scope in funding.

In addition, two other satellite proposals have been submitted to the NSF/STCI. One is following up on the suggestion from the face-to-face council meeting, called &quot;adopt a tightly coupled commodity cluster&quot;, which talks about hardware installed at existing OSG sites allowing small MPI jobs to be run. It is mostly hardware with a bit of effort. The second is a collaboration between glideinWMS and Pegasus to support scientific workflows.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report for Pending Action Items

 %GREEN%

*ACTION ITEM 1:* Ruth and Sebastien, wearing their executive team hats will follow up with Jerome on about  next steps in terms of:
   i. finding a volunteer site to test the support of an hypervisor  on a large scale. 
   i. running the STAR MC under the Condor VM technologies on an existing OSG site. 
   i. investigating an OSG allocation on Amazon which people can use to test.

*ACTION ITEM 2:* Collective VO Self-Organization and Identification of Second Representative - Shaowen.

*ACTION ITEM 3:* Council Sign-Up for August Face-to-Face Doodle Poll at [[http://www.doodle.com/es2c5xk2d5rk9gti][Link]].

%ENDCOLOR%

%BLUE% *minutes:*

ACTION ITEM 1: Sebastien took the action and held a phone meeting with Jerome and Chander roughly two weeks ago. There is traction on both defining the volunteer site and on running the STAR MC. Chander has quite a bit of work to do to investigate the Amazon allocation. BNL will be the first site to deploy hypervisors. Glow and Clemson will provide condor VM technologies. Jerome came on the call later and commented that this was a good meeting. There is no timeline for this.

ACTION ITEM 2: Shaowen, Kent and Paul have been exchanging emails on this. Kent has proposed that this be presented at the face-to-face meeting in August with the intent being to provide candidates for the second representation position.

ACTION ITEM 3: Kent reminded council to fill out the Doodle Poll. Chander is working with an estimate of 12 over night rooms. Progress on selecting a hotel has been made and an announcement will be sent out as soon as it is official.

No other outstanding action items were identified during the call. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ NSF Annual Report: Need Science Inputs from Stakeholders to Paul Avery

   * Reference: [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_2008_Annunal_Report_FastLane_all.pdf][2008 OSG NSF Annual Report]] also see [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=770][DocDB Location]]

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Chander and Paul have taken the lead on this. Paul sent out an email to science groups last night requesting inputs. The email had a template which is very easy to fill out. People have been asked to provide information by Thursday of this week (June 11th). Chander plans to use next week to edit, merge and clean up. The PIs will then review, and the plan is to submit by June 26th. The NSF deadline is the 30th. The NSF reporting system only supports plan text but people should feel free to include figures and graphs as this goes out to various people as word documents and is very useful. The word document will also include the 3 page overview of OSG. It is also good to include numbers for usage, etc. Identified that Piotr was not included in the original email and it would be good to showcase SBGRID. The email was forwarded during the meeting. Chander is collecting area coordinator and operations inputs. These will be merged before subsequent review by PIs. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Keynote/Plenary Talk at TG09 Conference by Paul Avery

%BLUE% *minutes:*

John Townes invited Paul to give one of three keynote talks sometime around early April. The keynote talk will be 45 minutes of talk with 10 minutes of question and answer. This is a great opportunity to showcase OSG and to also show our involvement with TeraGrid. Ruth will work with Paul on preparing this talk. Paul asked that if anyone has interesting slides at the level of a keynote talk, please share. Ed Seidel will give one of the other two keynote talks. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Future Planning for the OSG: Solicit Guidance on key directions for future from OSG Council

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Ruth divided planning into areas...where and should OSG contribute in the future...need to provide core services for major stakeholders and other stakeholders represented by the council...are there other areas to support or areas to drop were the OSG can provide benefit.

*Software:* 

Richard asked that we consider XROOTD inclusion into VDT as an example to illustrate where are the boundaries for software regarding what OSG supports and what it doesn&#39;t support. Ruth reviewed the process and logic for defining boundaries. Inclusion of software is at the request of the stakeholders. LIGO, ATLAS and CMS have the most clout. In this case, ATLAS requested XROOTD be included in VDT. Support boundary is that OSG provide first line of support and in-depth support was achieved by getting agreement between the development communities. If the developers go away or can nolonger provide the full level of support the OSG will come to the council seeking recommendations for the OSG to consider taking on the full support burden for critical software packages. This will depend on the details of the complexity of the software package. Any software that is developmental will not fall within the OSG software scope and will be done in satellite proposals, e.g., the GlideinWMS/Pegasus proposal mentioned earlier. There is also an extensions effort in the OSG were targeted support is put into an effort such as accounting, gums, and panda currently and/or in the past. The role of extensions within the OSG in the future is on the table for discussion. It has certainly helped out having extensions as part of the OSG in the past. 

It has been called out in the past that OSG and the VDT has a large collection of components. It is important to demonstrate that OSG has a process for software components and support to the software to assure control. We have actually removed components through a process of canvasing the community for use of software to determine when components can be removed. It would be useful to call out that we have a process in the planning.

*Operational Support:*

US LHC has made it clear that they critically depend on operations center (accounting, security, reliability, availablity reporting, etc.), gateways and services and will be needed in the future. OSG provides operational services to WLCG on behalf of US LHC as they define them in their program of work and MOUs. The management between the three groups talk and have representation on the WLCG management board. Richard noted that ATLAS has its own operations organization and asked if the division of responsibilities was well understood. Ruth noted that there are specific requests from ATLAS, but OSG has not had the effort to meet all of these requests and ATLAS hasn&#39;t as of yet asked that a re-prioritization take place. Ideally, OSG should provide frameworks and exemplars for general utility to the communities within the operations framework to provide general benefit and value under the umbrella. Working on the focus area of the Tier 3s and operational support for the Tier 3s (and small sites in general) are an area where benefit can be demonstrated. This likely an area where growth will be seen. CMS expects to grow by 4 from its 17 (20 to 25 percent more). ATLAS expects more. 

Paper presented to OSG Council on value of the OSG and has been reviewed by some on the council. This is in the DocDB and was presented at the March council meeting. It would be helpful for people to read and give feedback, especially given the overlap with this discussion of operational support. Council representatives were encouraged to read and give comment.

*Community Specific:*

A couple of communities have raised the need for more dynamic and more flexible VOs and groups. This is certainly within the existing principles of the OSG. It was always the idea that ad-hoc groups could be formed. SNS at Oak Ridge is carrying this as a requirement, expecting weekly changes. SBGRID is also interested in this and believes this will be especially critical for biological groups. This needs thinking and software development and lends itself to a satellite proposal in collaboration with the core OSG. Other areas are the issues of storage and data management, especially the use of storage by communities that don&#39;t own it using reservation, allocation doesn&#39;t exist and current system requires a lot of administration hands on support. Piotr noted that data security is also very important to biology and medical data. A story is needed for storage. The possibility of a satellite proposal to for storage similar to the MPI proposal would be a possibility but it would need leadership and a plan to move forward.

*Future Capabilities and Capacities:*

While planning for year four, it was noted that LHC resources are going up by 50% to 100% at Tier 2s and Tier 1s. Run 2 of CDF and DZero will be looking for additional resources. There is the question of commercial cloud usage. Each year stakeholders are asked what sort of resources are needed, but not getting a long term picture of needs. Richard asked what scale of resources will be put in by VOs in the future. There are scalability issues with the accounting and operations services as well as the grid software interfaces. The VOs may have long term expectations which can be extracted from planning documents within the VOs. 

*Outreach, Training and Education:*

Training and education is an area in which the OSG has very little effort. OSG has started to work with TeraGrid and this is being encouraged by the NSF. Ruth noted that her preference would be to be part of a broader effort that someone else was running down the road. The nation needs a comprehensive training and education program for national cyberinfrastructure into the future. OSG doesn&#39;t have the scale or scope or the right people from the universities to make the contribution needed. This could be integrated with regional and campus activities to train the trainers. It was noted that TeraGrid is also leveraging other programs for outreach using supercomputing centers existing work. We make an impact every time we work with TeraGrid so there is an opportunity for collaboration. LIGO workshop attended by OSG which was very successful. Haven&#39;t seen this with other VOs so much. SBGRID has been involved with these workshops and replication of training. OSG is moving towards online and e-Training. Ruth and Piotr will work together on training for a joint OSG/SBGRID collaboration. 

---

No response from NSF regarding the areas of collaboration with TeraGrid that has been reported in the past. 

The next round for TeraGrid splits into competition. OSG is continuing to talk to TeraGrid, including Argonne and SDSC in the talks.

---

*National and International Aspects:*

TeraGrid falls within this area as does WLCG, EGI, glite consortium, etc., are on the table. Noted that opportunities in Asia and particularly China are starting to appear. To date there has been no specific followup on these, mostly due to lack of opportunity and effort.

Question of whether or not all the categories have been captured. No new categories were defined and none of the existing categories were recommended to be dropped.

Ruth will continue to call council representatives individually to discuss this. This will be further discussed by the council at the face-to-face meeting in August.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues - Ongoing Goals/Milestones

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Jerome/STAR: Concentrating on finishing the year 9 run. Jerome noted that the VM action item resulted in a good phone call. Recommended having a vision before approaching Amazon. STAR will provide virtual image this week to test. Currently reassessing network and data transfer capabilities. 

Richard/SLAC: Comment from review of US ATLAS software and computing which Richard chaired. One of the relevant items for OSG from the review is that we don&#39;t know how to ration and control access to data when the data feeding frenzy begins. There is not just a CPU resource issue, but also uncontrolled data movement that will cause resource issues with the network and devices. This overlaps with OSG.

Brad/DZero: Two issues, one of which is good. During the week of May 18th - 24th, DZero achieved a new record of 13 million events. The other issue is that DZero has storage resource token live times that are about to expire after a year of use. It would be valuable to DZero to extend these. Unknown if there are is competition to use the storage resources. Originally DZero worked with the storage administrators to set this up. Ruth noted that the process for moving this forward would be to work with Abhishek under the VO Support Group to bring this to the attention of the Production Area and discussion in a production meeting. A list of resources would be the starting point.

Piotr/SBGRID: SBGRID has integrated another cluster with SBGRID with and implemented matchmaker services. Will be submitting jobs from a specific application to the matchmaker service. Spec&#39;ing out integration of several other clusters onto the OSG.

Lothar/CMS: CMS is currently in the middle of what is called the &quot;STEP&quot; data challenge together with ATLAS. This is resulting in increased activity at the Tier 2 and Tier 3 centers. On the production side, CMS is still awaiting for software releases.

Dick/DOSAR: DOSAR is willing and able to support OSG in outreach at regional grids. Planning workshop at SPRACE in San Paulo in September.

Kent/LIGO: LIGO will have a mini run this weekend known as E14 in preparation for the S6 science run which will be roughly a year long. It will involve improvements in detector components as a precursor to Advanced LIGO, which is several years away.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

No other business this week. 

%ENDCOLOR%


-- Main.KentBlackburn - 14 May 2009


